 the project gutenberg ebook of a history of slavic studies in the united states
    
this ebook is for the use of anyone anywhere in the united states and
most other parts of the world at no cost and with almost no restrictions
whatsoever  you may copy it  give it away or re use it under the terms
of the project gutenberg license included with this ebook or online
at www gutenberg org  if you are not located in the united states 
you will have to check the laws of the country where you are located
before using this ebook 

title  a history of slavic studies in the united states

author  clarence augustus manning

release date  february           ebook        

language  english

original publication  milwaukee  marquette university press      

credits  richard tonsing  tim lindell  and the online distributed proofreading team at https   www pgdp net  this book was produced from images made available by the hathitrust digital library  


    start of the project gutenberg ebook a history of slavic studies in the united states    





                        marquette slavic studies

                                  iii

                      a history of slavic studies
                          in the united states




            a history of slavic studies in the united states


                          clarence a  manning

      associate professor of slavic languages columbia university 


                     the marquette university press

                   milwaukee                wisconsin

 marquette slavic studies are published under the direction of the slavic
                    institute of marquette university 


                       edited by  roman smal stocki

                  advisory board  cyril e  smith
                                  alfred sokolnicki
                                  christopher spalatin


 the views expressed in the marquette slavic studies are those of their
 authors  and are not to be construed as representing the point of view
                        of the slavic institute 


           library of congress catalog card number          

      copyright        marquette university press  milwaukee  wis 

              manufactured in the united states of america

                                contents


             introduction                                            vii
  chapter    the slavs in america                                       
  chapter    mass immigration                                           
  chapter    slavic studies in the nineteenth century                   
  chapter    the beginning of formal study                              
  chapter    slavic efforts before world war i                          
  chapter    from      to                                               
  chapter    slavic studies since                                       
  chapter    the future tasks of slavic and east european studies       
             integration in american consciousness  the divisions of
               the area  undergraduate courses  language
               instruction  graduate work  area studies  summary 
             bibliography                                               
             index                                                      




                              introduction


preparing an adequate history of slavic and east european studies in the
united states is not an easy task  much of the pertinent material has
never been collected  where it has been brought together  it has never
been adequately evaluated or put in its proper setting against the
general american cultural and educational development  any attempt at a
synthesis of the situation must then be highly tentative  subject to
correction and amplification 

in the formal sense  studies and courses in the slavic languages 
cultures and history began to appear in american colleges and
universities at the end of the nineteenth century  largely through
individual interest and effort  until world war i  these courses
developed slowly and aroused little interest  we can say the same of the
formation of libraries and of collections of other materials  if then we
should treat the history of slavic studies in this narrow sense  we
would secure a creditable but small list of courses and publications
multiplying on a large scale only since world war ii began 

yet  this picture would be incomplete  it fails to consider certain
factors which have greatly influenced american life and thinking and
which will in the future exert still more influence  it likewise ignores
significant achievements of earlier periods  it ignores certain
individuals who  though only tenuously connected with universities and
colleges  influenced the course of events  it ignores also that one
phenomenon that sharply differentiates the scope of slavic and east
european studies in the united states from such studies anywhere else in
the world  that is the presence in the united states of millions of
slavic immigrants and their descendants  these have played a hitherto
unrecognized part in the country s development and at the same time have
given it some unusual aspects 

slavic studies in the united states can never be as important as in
those countries where the dominant language is slavic  and where a
knowledge of the language is a necessity for daily life  there the
slavic tradition  even under external pressure  is still alive  it
expresses itself in every form of culture  every study of the local
environment  natural or artificial  thus  from late in the eighteenth
century  the universities of austria hungary  especially the university
of vienna  and those in such slavic centers as prague  krakow  lwow and
zagreb developed flourishing centers of slavic studies  the universities
in the russian empire also concentrated not only on russian  but on all
the other tongues  it was in these countries that slavic languages came
earliest and most completely into their own  as they later did in the
independent slavic countries 

yet slavic and east european studies are not in the same position as
they were in past decades in germany  france and the british isles 
there  they were definitely intellectual disciplines which might find
practical use in certain governmental and educational posts but which
were of interest only to a small number of specialists  in those
countries there were learned professors of slavic  this is especially
true of germany and france where relatively large groups of outstanding
slavs  chiefly of the educated  professional and political classes  were
able to influence higher level thought in those countries  few ordinary
slavs appeared in either country  those who did were mostly migratory
workers who did not take root in their new environment  and exercised
little influence 

that is not true in the united states  there were before world war i a
small number of outstanding representatives of the slavic nations  free
or not  but the united states was also brought face to face with the
immigration of millions of slavic workmen and peasants  these brought
little material or consciously intellectual baggage to the country but
took root here and  under the leadership which they developed in the
united states  have played a steadily increasing role in american life 
they and their descendants of the second and third generations are not a
negligible force  their children and grandchildren may have lost a
certain facility in the use of their mother tongues but they have
retained qualities  knowledge and traditions which are vital to the
united states today and which cannot fail to have a far reaching effect
upon the entire world in the future 

we cannot then speak of slavic studies merely in the narrow sense of the
word  we must take into account these other factors which are rapidly
becoming tangible elements in all of american life  in this sense we
must consider slavic and east european studies to include those means
other than political propaganda which have led to the present american
knowledge of the slavic world  a knowledge with some striking insights
and some equally amazing gaps 

the present survey is an attempt to handle all aspects of the growing
awareness of the slavs by the american people and the american
educational system  yet we can hardly do this without a brief survey of
the way in which the slavs appeared on the american scene and the
methods by which they have come to assume their present position  the
complete history of this has never been written though we do have a fair
outline of the various stages of the movement 




                               chapter  
                          the slavs in america


we have no records of the arrival in what is now the united states of
the first slavic nationals  we don t know from where they came or where
they settled  but it seems certain that at an early date slavs appeared
in all of the various streams of colonization though primarily as
individuals  we must remember that it was not until the nineteenth
century that the world became seriously interested in the nationality
and language of a person  the medieval period had thought only in terms
of allegiance to a given monarch or to some supernational state which
embraced persons of many tongues and origins  united in a common
loyalty 

this held true for the first two centuries of american settlement and we
always have to take it into account  it may be well to glance briefly 
then  at the political situation in the slavic lands  from the discovery
of america through the next century 

christopher columbus discovered the new world less than a half century
after the fall of constantinople to the turks and the liberation of
moscow from the tatar yoke  europe was filled then as now with homeless
people  the christians of the byzantine empire and of the balkan
christian states  preferring the hardships of a wandering life to
existence under the mohammedan turks  the armed forces of all countries
were filled with adventurers who had been driven from their homes and
were glad to fight as mercenaries 

for example  there were greek soldiers in the armies of francisco de
pizarro in his conquest of peru in       later these same men took sides
with diego de almagro in his revolt against pizarro and made for him the
first cannon cast in the new world     this intermixture of
nationalities continued throughout the era of the discovery and the
ensuing decades  this was the height of the spanish power and it was
under the flag of spain that men of all nationalities  especially from
the mediterranean area  went to serve 

at this time  the most powerful slavic state was the polish republic 
the  rzeczpospolita polska   yet this was far more than ethnographic
poland  it took in almost all ukrainian and byelorussian lands as well
as ethnographic lithuania and latvia and a considerable part of eastern
germany  it maintained the closest connections with the danubian
principalities and even hungary  thus  a person known as a pole could
very easily have been one of several slavic and even non slavic
nationalities 

the czechs formed the nucleus of the kingdom of bohemia  itself a
subsidiary of the hapsburg domains  the holy roman empire  which  to use
the words of voltaire  was already ceasing to be either holy  roman or
an empire   the slovaks and the carpathian ukrainians were under the
crown of st  stephen of hungary as were the croats  while the slovenes
were more particularly connected with austria  yet again  the lands of
the crown of st  stephen were also part of the empire 

thus the only slavs not included either in the ottoman and hapsburg
empires or in poland were the muscovite russians  at this period few of
them thought of crossing the boundaries of their western neighbors 
those who left their original homes traveled eastward and by the middle
of the seventeenth century had reached the pacific ocean and were poised
to cross the north pacific at its narrowest point 

we must keep these facts in mind when we think of the early slavic
immigration to the united states  this jumble of nationalities and
states was still more confused by the fact that the overwhelming
majority of the educated slavic population used one of the three
international languages of the day  the roman catholics used latin  the
orthodox employed either church slavic or greek  and these  higher 
tongues supplemented and in large part replaced the vernaculars in legal
and historical records  this was a period of religious turmoil as well 
beginning with the hussite wars in bohemia  these were continued by the
protestant reformation touched off by martin luther and the
counter reformation under the leadership of the jesuits  at the same
time  the new protestantism and the older latin rite were spreading
among the orthodox slavs and the situation was still further complicated
by the union of brest in      which formed the so called uniat church or
catholic church of the eastern rite 

each of these religious disputes  with the political consequences that
they involved  added to the number of displaced persons  the adherents
of every religion found shelter with their friends in any of the
countries of western europe england  france  germany  italy  spain and
holland  these were added to the number willing to risk anything to
secure a new home  this was the background of the early colonization
efforts in america 

the spanish settlements in the southwest are less easily discussed 
there can be no doubt that the leaders of the great religious orders
that spread through california and new mexico were of spanish birth but
there is considerable evidence to show that some of their subordinates
were probably of slavic origin  at least they seemed familiar with the
peculiarities of orthodox iconography  the spanish mission in santa
barbara  california  displays the eastern form crucifix  many of the
wood paintings of saints in new mexico superficially resemble crude
icons  yet little has been done to trace the early lives of the monks
who worked in these missions  it would certainly not be surprising to
find that some had made their way to the spanish centers of the
franciscans and dominicans from the disturbed area of eastern europe    

we are on far surer ground when we come to the colonies established by
the english along the atlantic coast  in       the virginia company sent
to jamestown  with lord de la warr  a group of polish gentlemen as
workmen  these were apparently refugees in england from one of the many
upheavals in the  rzeczpospolita   their names appear in anglicized
forms and since we have no information about their experiences before
they reached england  many of them have been claimed by the poles 
ukrainians  and the other peoples included in the polish state    

the same situation prevailed in new netherlands  there can be no doubt
that some of the settlers in the new dutch colony were slavs  thus for a
long while  the name of the zeboroski    family  one of the early
settlers  was written in jersey dutch  the family is proud of its polish
origin but again like so many  it also has been claimed by the
ukrainians  another slav of this period is augustine herrman  a skilled
surveyor from prague  he apparently went first to virginia  then moved
northward to new amsterdam and later founded bohemia manor in maryland 
efforts have been made by both the czechs and the germans to prove that
he was of their origin but what proof there is favors the czechs    
many other families  such as the roosevelts  can trace their origin to
the baltic states but leave us to decide from which particular group the
original ancestor came 

a still more tangled situation arose in the early colony of delaware 
while it was still new sweden  the swedes eliminated the first dutch
settlement around fort casimir and then in      founded their own fort
christina and sent over a population of swedes  germans and finns  and
all this at a time when the poles and the swedes were conducting their
own warfare behind the shelter of the thirty years war  at the same time
the swedes were trying to make the baltic a swedish lake and their
representatives were deeply involved in negotiations with the
 zaporozhian kozaks  who were in an almost constant state of revolt
against poland  the swedes then ruled both livonia and estonia  in view
of all this it would have been surprising indeed if there had not been
slavs in the colony of new sweden  the area in which the traditionally
american form of the log cabin seems to have originated  a form
reminiscent of the architecture of the east baltic slavs  the evidence
for new england is less clear  though we know that the authorities of
the new harvard college seriously thought of inviting the distinguished
czech educator  jan amos comenius  komensky  to serve as the first
president  in       however  nothing came of it    

in the eighteenth century there is the same uncertainty  in      a group
of the  unitas fratrum   the bohemian brethren  from bohemia and
moravia  were led by count zinzendorf to a settlement in bethlehem 
pennsylvania  it is at least possible that some of these settlers spoke
czech as well as german  if they did  it would explain more clearly the
interest in the community that was taken during the american revolution
by general kasimierz pulaski  who seems to have made a point of
attending religious services there whenever he could  the architecture
of the older buildings further suggests slavic influence 

the american revolution brought to the new world another group of slavs 
of whom the best known are the two polish leaders  generals pulaski   
and tadeusz kosciuszko     pulaski  already a well known figure in
poland  brought with him a number of other east europeans and slavs who
formed a considerable portion of the famous pulaski legion  we have also
the names of others  such as count bienowski and colonel michael kovach 
an hungarian  a member of the legion who was killed at charleston  south
carolina  in       most of the legion s survivors stayed in the new
country 

another possible source for inspiring slavs  and especially poles  to
come to america was the career of major general charles lee     of the
american army  he had once been in command of the cadet school in warsaw
founded by king stanislaw poniatowski  in addition to that  most of the
french troops who served in america had previously been on duty in
western poland supporting the saxon claims to the throne and helping the
poles oppose russian domination  there is no way of knowing whether or
not this force had received slavic recruits during its term of duty
there  the services of both pulaski and kosciuszko  and the later return
of kosciuszko to the united states in       built up considerable
interest for poland in the united states  this continued for nearly a
half century  leading to a fair amount of immigration from the former
polish state  especially after the polish revolt of      

moreover  american newspapers of the time published long accounts of
events in europe  thus  in      john peter zenger included in the new
york  weekly journal  an account of the efforts of stanislaw leszczynski
to secure the throne of poland  numerous similar examples could be
cited  however  no organized interest in slavic lands and peoples
developed 

little is heard of russians at this period  although american
representatives had appeared in st  petersburg during the revolution and
the tsars  in the early      s  began to send diplomatic representatives
to washington  prince dimitry golitsyn      a member of a socially
prominent russian family  was the first roman catholic priest to be
fully trained and ordained by bishop carroll in the united states  he
continued until the end of his life to be one of the leading catholic
priests in pennsylvania  and maintained contact with the russian
ministers in washington  we also know that in       kutusoff mantles and
bonnets were very popular in new york society     

until       the slavs who came to the united states came either as
individual travelers or as individual immigrants  perhaps drawn in the
train of some more prominent compatriot  there are several interesting
accounts of this period  in polish  such as those by juljusz ursin
niemciewicz who came with kosciuszko in      and remained in the country
for several years  he visited boston around      and his diary mentions
a polish unitarian library  the  bibliotheca fratrum polonorum   in
harvard of which nothing is now known     

the situation was different in the pacific northwest      the russians
during the seventeenth and eighteenth centuries reached the sea of
okhotsk and kamchatka in their eastward advance and began to push into
the north pacific in quest for furs  late in the century they started to
establish more or less temporary trading posts on the aleutian islands 
in       grigory shelikov established a more permanent center at kodiak 
this center of russian influence was later transferred south to st 
michael on the site of the present sitka in        the ablest russian
governor  aleksander baranov  went further  in      he sent his most
trusted assistant  ivan kuskov  to establish a russian trading post at
fort ross  not far from san francisco   shelikov had founded the
russian american company to exploit these new lands  and his talented
successor  nikolay rezanov  visited the new world in       dreaming of
controlling the entire pacific coast  including the spanish settlements
in california with san francisco as their head  on his return across
siberia he died at irkutsk as the result of a fall from his horse and
his dreams largely perished with him  although later the russians did
try to seize the hawaiian islands and make the north pacific a russian
lake 

fortunately for the americans  the russian settlements were poorly
supported from st  petersburg and the intricacies of russian law left
baranov and his successor without the necessary supplies and they were
compelled to indulge in illegal trade with the british  boston merchants
also carried to kodiak and sitka the goods which the russian american
company had neglected to send 

strangely enough  the russians failed to cross the coastal mountains
either in alaska or further to the south  they contented themselves with
the hunting of marine animals  especially the sea otter  sending the
skins back to siberia for asiatic distribution  they apparently did not
realize that the american continent could be crossed by land  a peculiar
oversight when we remember their rapid crossing of the whole of asia 
rezanov had hoped to make kodiak a center of russian culture  he had
come to russian america by sea from st  petersburg and brought with him
a large library of books for an academy which he proposed to establish 
apparently shelikov had spread excessive stories of the russian
achievements  for kodiak was only a wretched frontier village and not an
embryonic metropolis  slava rossii  as he boasted  rezanov s collection
remained in kodiak until its destruction by fire on july          

the russian orthodox church also sent a mission to the colony  the
monks  largely from valamo  were devoted men and at least one was a
martyr  the greatest of the russian clergy was ivan venyaminov  later
archbishop innokenty  metropolitan of moscow and one of the great
figures of the russian church  this mission converted the majority of
the aleuts and eskimos in the neighborhood and the russian language was
long the common speech on most of the aleutian islands 

russian expansion thus had begun to take shape seriously at about the
same time the americans began to push westward  after buying the
louisiana territory from france in       president thomas jefferson sent
an expedition under meriwether lewis and william clark to explore the
northwest  in      the expedition reached the mouth of the columbia
river  then followed the settlement of astoria by agents of the american
fur trader  john jacob astor  by the time the russians were ready to
advance to the south  the americans were established in the center of
the area and the russian colonies never formed a solid belt on the west
coast  for some reason the russians did not try to eliminate the
americans and the southern settlements began to wither away from
inability to expand  in       fort ross was sold to a group of americans
and the russians withdrew northward 

the lively trade between sitka and boston was interrupted by the war of
     and when peace came  commerce was further hindered by russian
efforts to impose trade restrictions that were unacceptable to the
americans  these came at the same time as the revolutions and
declarations of independence of the spanish colonies and the adherence
of tsar alexander i to the holy alliance to aid spain in recovering
them  the russian efforts at controlling the north pacific and the
american sympathy for the spanish colonies led to the proclamation of
the monroe doctrine in      which doomed european expansion in the new
world  both president monroe and his secretary of state  john quincy
adams  had held diplomatic posts in russia and were aware of the
differences between the russian and american points of view 

the monroe doctrine and the settlement of the northwest determined the
fate of russian america  it was blocked to the south by the united
states and the british settlements in the canadian west  in       russia
realized the hopelessness of its position and sold the territory now
known as alaska to the united states  the russians then established
their bishopric in san francisco but during the next years the russian
colony in the far west remained an isolated group and it was only toward
the end of the century that it merged with the general slavic
immigration 

this  then  is the first phase of slavic contact with the new world 
relatively little imprint was left on american life  although we must
not undervalue certain ideas that did pass into the young republic  they
were the result of individual effort rather than organized or mass
movements which came later 




                               chapter  
                            mass immigration


as the middle of the century approached the situation began to change
radically  there came a marked improvement in the accommodations and
regularity of the trans atlantic ships and contacts between north
america and europe began to multiply 

then came the spring of the nations  the year       with the efforts of
the germans and the peoples of austria hungary to put an end to the
prevailing absolutism  this movement failed but it led a large number of
germans who had supported the frankfort general assembly to leave their
native land and to seek refuge in the united states  most of them
drifted west  settling in many of the central states and the middle
west  they took up free land and settled down to become prosperous
farmers  the rumors of their success in adapting themselves to their new
environment spread beyond germany and fired the resolution of other
discontented peoples 

the first to respond on any large scale were the czechs  they began to
come in thousands  also tending toward the middle west and settling on
the new frontiers which had been pushed westward by the coming of the
germans  they soon began to form extensive colonies in the still
sparsely settled areas of nebraska  iowa  and other states until the
coming of the american civil war  which briefly checked the movement  in
their new homes  and in small communities  they formed a large segment
of the population  they endeavored to transplant their old traditions
and mode of life to america and to establish their own institutions 
making changes only as american law and environment dictated     

the poles were the next slavic people to follow  the earliest immigrants
were  as we might expect  from austrian poland but after the failure of
the uprising of       refugees from russian poland and the area under
german control began to flow in  the earliest immigrants  like the first
czechs  moved west but after the civil war the great american industrial
expansion began and the majority of later immigrants were attracted by
the possibilities for work in the mines and factories which were being
built  especially in pennsylvania  the movement for immigration was
sponsored not only by the employers  who desired a constant supply of
unskilled and cheap labor  but also by the steamship companies which
sent their agents through the european villages and painted in glowing
terms the possibilities of advancement and of wealth in the united
states 

their blandishments did not fall upon empty ears in the more backward
and underprivileged areas  in a steadily increasing stream  there began
to come to the united states  slovaks  ukrainians from galicia and the
carpathian area  croats  and  to a lesser degree  serbs  there was even
a small settlement of lusatian serbs in texas  this process continued
until the beginning of world war i 

the immigrant ranks included a certain number of educated people but
these were to a large degree interested in some form of art  attracted
by the opportunities for practicing their talents in the united states 
the political immigrants were relatively few for since they had hopes of
affecting conditions in their homelands they preferred to find temporary
refuge in some european country 

the majority of immigrants came from those strata which had become
accustomed to leaving their homes as migratory and seasonal workers 
most were scarcely literate and were little aware of the cultural
progress that was going on in their homelands  at first they came merely
in the hope of saving up enough money to return and live with more
comfort in their native villages  but it was not long before they either
despaired of this or were attracted to the american mode of living and
sent for their wives and families  many of these early arrivals had
little national consciousness and the slovaks and ukrainians in
particular reflected the conditions prevailing in the last quarter of
the nineteenth century 

the change from the hard but traditional life of the slavic village to
the confusion and grimness of the american mining or factory town was a
disagreeable shock to many of these immigrants  for it was primarily the
agricultural population of eastern europe that poured into the american
factories and mines  the newcomers were exploited everywhere and with
their ignorance of english were at a disadvantage in competing with
their neighbors 

however  they rapidly adapted themselves to their changed environment 
they began to form various kinds of associations for their own advantage
and leaders of their own groups began to appear  some of these were
unscrupulous men who learned some english and didn t blush to drain
money from their less fortunate comrades  but the number of those who
seriously worked for the good of the immigration steadily grew and
finally eliminated  to a large extent  the more greedy and grasping
pseudo leaders     

the slavic communities in the united states owe much to the priests who
came to serve in the churches which they established in all the slavic
centers  some of them had come with the authorization of their superiors
in the old world  others simply followed the outflow from their villages
and arrived in america with little more knowledge of conditions than
their flocks  their lack of familiarity with the legal conditions
governing church property in the united states involved them in many
difficulties  even the immigrant roman catholic priests serving the
poles and slovaks could not  at first  easily fit themselves into the
framework of their church in the united states and through
misunderstandings they often got into controversies with the roman
catholic hierarchy here  consisting mainly of irish and germans  and all
too often they were tempted to declare their complete independence and
make needless issues over extra ritual customs and parish organization 
the situation was even worse for the catholic priests of the eastern
rite  the uniats  who ministered to the ukrainians from galicia and the
carpathians  these people insisted at first upon a married clergy and
since they often came without proper credentials  they were looked at
askance by the hierarchy who had no experience or personal knowledge of
this rite  in addition  many of the priests from the carpathians had
been under strong hungarian influence at home and found it difficult to
serve their flocks adequately in the new world  the russian orthodox
were somewhat better off  especially after the seat of the archbishopric
was moved to new york  but  there again  many parishes indulged in
almost continuous appeals to the civil authority against the
administration of the church  however  by the end of world war i  most
misunderstandings had been eliminated on all sides and the way was open
for smooth and steady development 

yet it was the priests who became the first community leaders to guide
the immigrants to a new and better life in which they retained as much
as possible of their old traditions 

they and the more experienced lay leaders played a great role in the
organization of the slavs into fraternal societies  which had risen in
the united states even before the revolution and since then had grown
steadily and found a place both in american life and american law  on
the payment of small sums they provided protection to their members 
payments in case of death or inability to work and  in some cases other
assistance 

the value of this system was early recognized by the slavic leaders  at
first the societies were small and purely local but in time the
individual groups tended to unite into central organizations which
acquired larger and larger capital resources  these societies  whether
directly connected with churches or not  gradually came to form a
distinctive feature of slavic american life  today there is no slavic
group which does not have one or more such organization of national
significance  among the leaders are the czechoslovak national alliance 
the polish national alliance  the ukrainian national association  the
serb national federation  the polish roman catholic union  the ukrainian
workingmen s association  the ukrainian providence association  the
croatian national alliance  they possess large reserve funds and are
leaders in financial  social  political and cultural work 

furthermore  as we shall see  it is out of these large  freely
organized  fraternal organizations  with or without church support  that
certain forms of slavic scholarship have developed in the united states 
this was inconsiderable in the beginning but it has grown and improved
steadily and is destined to play a very important role in the future 
especially in the case of those countries from which there has been an
extensive immigration 

russian immigration has followed a quite different course  during the
nineteenth century  the russian empire tried to channel all movement
from home areas to siberia instead of across the ocean  for this
purpose  the government appropriated large sums of money and furnished
transportation first from the black sea ports to the pacific coast and
then later along the trans siberian railroad  as a result  prior to
      almost the entire russian immigration into the united states was
from the non russian areas in the northwest  this includes the finns 
the lithuanians  the poles and the jews who began to leave russia in
large numbers in the nineties because of the anti semitic outbreaks 

the actual russian population of russian alaska had been small  but 
during the second half of the nineteenth century  after its sale  a
number of russians drifted across the pacific ocean to san francisco 
the seat of the archbishopric of the aleutian islands and north america
was moved from sitka to san francisco  in       there were enough
russians on the atlantic coast to warrant tikhon  later patriarch of
moscow  moving his episcopal seat to new york      this was done not
only to serve the needs of the russian orthodox population but to enable
him to exert an influence on the greeks and other orthodox who had
emigrated to the east coast  about       the difficulties between the
roman catholic hierarchy and the catholics of the eastern rite made
opportune a russian attempt to bring the eastern rite adherents back to
orthodoxy  at the outbreak of world war i the bulk of the russian
orthodox church in america consisted of converts from galicia and the
carpathians  there also had been russian immigration after the
revolutionary disturbances of       but in      the actual russian
immigration in america was small  far less in numbers than any other
slavic group except the bulgarians 

by       the slavic communities in the united states especially the
czechs  the slovaks and the poles  were already well organized  these 
with their national committees  played a considerable role in securing
the independence of their homeland  they supported directly and through
their american non slavic friends the work of thomas g  masaryk and
ignace paderewski  similarly  professor michael i  pupin stood out as
the leader of the serbs and indeed of all the yugoslavs  the ukrainians
were less fortunate  for at the moment they had no leader well known to
the american public and they encountered the opposition of both russian
and polish groups  whose nations had dominated ukraine for centuries 

after world war i  the interrupted stream of immigration again broke
through and during the early years it assumed even larger proportions
than it had previously  in addition  many white russians who had fled
from the bolsheviks came to the united states 

the cultural level of the slavic communities rose rapidly  assisted by
better educational opportunities for them both at home and in the
immigration  a large number of highly educated russians had come over
and the opening of washington legations for poland  czechoslovakia and
yugoslavia gave the immigrants pride in their own origin and intensified
their contact with cultural work being done in their liberated
homelands  the same effect was achieved by the ukrainian diplomatic
mission to washington under dr  bachinsky and later dr  luke myshuha 
although unfortunately this did not receive final recognition by the
united states 

in       this influx of immigrants was brought to a halt by the passing
of american immigration laws which introduced the principle of national
quotas and regulated the number of immigrants admitted each year by a
ratio based upon previous arrivals  this penalized the slavs severely
for their immigration had been relatively recent and their quotas were
reduced almost to the vanishing point  contrariwise  the peoples of
northern europe  who had arrived earlier  were assigned quotas which
they never filled 

so  from then until world war ii  the american slavic communities
remained relatively static in numbers  growing only by natural
increases  however  this was also a period when earlier efforts began to
bear fruit and slavic cultural and financial importance increased
rapidly  the second generation  educated in american schools  was
beginning to produce a new type of leadership  it took its place in the
general american cultural  economic and political life with consequent
results upon both the country as a whole and upon the slavs  there was
increased cooperation between the slavs and the rest of the american
population  a period of growth and development from within 

after world war ii  the displaced persons from europe began to enter the
united states in large numbers  from      on  there came a surprisingly
large number of highly educated persons  largely poles  who were fleeing
from both the nazis and the communists  these new arrivals revivified
the intellectual and cultural interests of the older immigrants and
their descendants and  furthermore  they brought the best traditions of
education and scholarship from their homelands 

we can thus divide the growth of slavic influence into four periods 

i   from the beginning to        during this period  the immigrants
arrived as individuals and with few exceptions were absorbed rapidly and
almost completely into the main streams of american life 

ii   from      to        this was the period of the mass immigration 
largely of unskilled laborers who came to secure the material benefits
of life in the united states  yet it was also the period when the
general outlines of slavic life in america were being sketched 
organizational and church affiliations were made  and the immigrant
groups were taking root as large units in the united states 

iii   from      to        despite the almost complete lack of
immigration  slavic communities were beginning to attract the attention
of the american public  internally they were completing their adaptation
to the american mode of life with far greater success than had seemed
possible a few decades before 

iv   since world war ii   most of the leaders who refused to accept
communism have come to the united states  the outstanding scholars and
artists have also come to find refuge  in some instances  it is no
exaggeration to say that centers of the higher culture have been
transferred to the united states  simultaneously  the emergence of this
country as the spokesman and champion of the free world has awakened far
broader classes of the american public to the importance of the slavs in
the modern world and has led to a greater demand for scholarship in
those fields which concern the slavic nations 

there are thus two separate streams of slavic scholarship in the united
states  the one is the normal inclusion of slavic subjects  history 
culture and languages into the american universities and colleges  this
has been a normal process of development  just as in other areas of
study  side by side with this  however  have been the efforts of the
national slavic groups in the united states  these two streams developed
for many years in almost complete separation  but between the two world
wars they began to affect each other  since world war ii  the two
streams are slowly but surely merging and it is probable that in the
future they will be completely consolidated to the advantage of slavic
scholarship  the american people  and the entire free world which still
maintains those universal ideals that have come to dominate
civilization 




                               chapter  
                slavic studies in the nineteenth century


slavic studies were slow in making a formal appearance in american
colleges and universities  there were many reasons for this  not the
least being the general submergence of the slavic countries  except
russia  in the eighteenth century  at this period  the slavic languages
were little studied in germany or france  far less in england and thus
their absence in the united states is readily understandable 

in addition  the early american colleges  especially before the civil
war  had limited curricula  they were modelled on oxford and cambridge
but  restricted in finances  libraries  and personnel  their curricula
were largely adapted to the presumed needs of the day  they were
intended to prepare men for the protestant ministry or the law 
enrollments were small and confined to certain groups of the population 
there was relatively little broad intellectual interest in the country
although men like benjamin franklin  thomas jefferson or even count
benjamin t  rumford had won recognized places in the world of
scholarship and of ideas 

the modern languages  chiefly french  were taught more or less by the
same methods as the accepted classical languages and hebrew  it was only
in the first quarter of the nineteenth century that george ticknor
introduced at harvard detailed work on modern european literatures  this
was followed in the twenties and the thirties by the introduction of
some spanish and italian  largely influenced by the revolt of the
spanish colonies in south and central america 

we should not then be surprised that the earliest interest in the slavic
languages was shown by individuals who  by some means or another  had
had contact with the slavic world and whose concern was more or less
amateurish  some of these men were college graduates  others had had no
formal connection with the colleges of the day but had learned to know
and appreciate slavic culture and had set themselves the task of making
and publishing translations in america  these began to appear shortly
after the war of       the napoleonic wars and later the war with
england had interfered with american trade and commerce but had also
stimulated american interest in europe  this interest was also aroused
by the greek war for independence and the formation of a group of
hellenophiles in new england  even before this  in       the
congregationalists of boston had established the american board of
commissioners for foreign missions  it sent missionaries to the near
east and these  originally working to convert the mohammedans  soon
transferred their activity to orthodox christians and to the foundation
of such american missionary educational institutions as roberts college
and the american university in beirut  later to play so prominent a part
in the balkans and the ottoman empire 

the visit of the marquis de lafayette in      also recalled the american
revolution and the services of the various foreign officers who had
served in the american army  including generals pulaski and kosciuszko 
interest in poland was again stirred by the polish uprising of          

thus the growing american prosperity and the strengthening of the
american national consciousness started a ferment which for a number of
years caused a growing interest in some forms of slavic culture in the
united states  especially in new england  we must remember that this was
before any mass slavic immigration to the united states  although there
were a considerable number of slavs in the country  especially in the
north and in the ocean shipping sections 

the first translator of russian poetry in the anglo saxon world was  in
all probability  william david lewis      his career is typical of this
period  lewis was born in      in christiana  new castle county 
delaware  he received some education in clarmont seminary and lower
dublin academy and was then apprenticed to a merchant  however  his
brother  john d  lewis  who was established in st  petersburg as a
merchant asked his younger brother to join him in       this was during
the war of      and the young man  in order to get to europe  secured a
post as private secretary to the peace commissioners  he sailed for
europe in       leaving his post at gothenburg  he went on to st 
petersburg where he spent most of his time until      

lewis had excellent connections in st  petersburg  he met and became
friendly with count nesselrode  with the cossack leader  platov  and
also with nikita ivanovich grech  the editor of the  syn otechestva   he
also seems to have met the elderly dean of russian poetry  gavriil
romanovich derzhavin  it was perhaps under the influence of derzhavin
and grech that he began to translate russian poetry  on january    
      apparently while on a visit home  he published in the  national
gazette and literary register  of philadelphia a poem   stanzas   by
yuri aleksandrovich neledinsky meletsky 

lewis was becoming especially interested in the pre pushkin period of
russian poetry  however  in      he also published in philadelphia 
where he made his home  a volume of translations entitled the
 bakchesarian fountain and other poems   a name taken from one of
pushkin s early poems  grech saw to it that lewis  book was
appropriately reviewed and praised in the conservative russian literary
journals  however  lewis was not primarily a man of letters and his
contribution ends here  even before he left st  petersburg he had
embarked upon a series of disputes with some of the american diplomatic
representatives in the russian capital and the next decades he spent as
a successful business man and politician  for a time       to       he
was collector of customs in philadelphia  he died in       lewis was
slightly ahead of the work of sir john bowring who published in         
two volumes of  specimens of the russian poets   he followed these later
with translations from polish and serb poetry  inspired by interest in
the serb folksongs  the translations were widely read in the united
states 

the translations of bowring  and a special interest in the works of
mickiewicz  determined the career of james gates percival      he was
born near hartford  connecticut  in      and was graduated from yale in
      a student of languages  a poet of stature  an excellent geologist 
percival was eccentric and somewhat of a recluse  his works attracted
little more than local interest and were soon forgotten  he finally
became the state geologist of connecticut and later of wisconsin  where
he died in       for more than twenty years  though  he had done polish
translations and contributed articles on polish literature and history
to various periodicals  some of these were little more than a rewriting
of articles published in european journals  for percival knew ten
languages and was abreast of european developments  his knowledge of
polish was not too thorough  but at the period he influenced a group
known as the  connecticut wits  and is a good example of the american
interests of the time 

a more substantial contributor was the better known talvj      the
author of the  historical view of the languages and literatures of the
slavonic nations   this was the first survey of the slavic literatures
after the works of safarik  talvj had a remarkable career  her real name
was therese albertine louise von jakob  she was born in halle  germany
in       where her father  ludwig heinrich von jakob  was a professor at
the university of halle  in      he was invited to give a series of
lectures at the university of kharkov  therese soon became a competent
linguist  began to translate the novels of sir walter scott into german 
and in      published in german a collection of the  volkslieder der
serben   again in response to an interest in the serb folksongs 

in      she married edward robinson  an american congregational minister
and scholar who was then a professor in the union theological seminary
in new york  robinson was much interested in biblical archaeology 
edited a popular religious journal  the  biblical repository   and spent
considerable time in the biblical lands  he published his wife s work on
slavic literature in this journal  in      it was issued in book form 
when robinson died in       talvj  her pen name was taken from the first
letters of her name  returned to germany  she died in      in hamburg 
talvj s book was probably the outstanding work on the slavs done by a
non slav in the first half of the century  unfortunately it attracted
little attention even though it was much sounder than were many of the
studies written as much as a half century later  it received due
recognition only after slavic studies in the anglo saxon world had begun
to find themselves and had shown a certain independence of thought 

the approach of the american civil war and american preoccupation with
western expansion turned interest away from slavic themes  it was only
near the end of the civil war that we begin to find truly interested
spokesmen for slavic culture and even then the leaders were men who had
personal connections with the slavic world  often through service in the
american diplomatic corps 

one of these was jeremiah curtin      born near milwaukee  wisconsin in
      after a common school education and some study at carroll college 
waukesha  wisconsin  he went to harvard where he received his degree in
      a few months later  he met admiral lisovsky and the other russian
naval officers in the fleet that visited new york  they induced him to
go to russia and for a while  he was secretary of the american legation
there  on his return to the united states  he did some work on the
folklore of the american indian but later returned to russia and
traveled extensively in the caucasus  he wrote a great deal about his
experiences but achieved most of his fame by his translations of the
novels of the polish writer  henryk sienkiewicz  sienkiewicz s  quo
vadis   in curtin s translation  has kept its place as the most popular
piece of slavic literature in english  it has been produced several
times in the movies and while curtin s name is largely forgotten  his
translations are still read and sienkiewicz is still the best known
figure in polish literature among americans 

another american born in the same year        was eugene schuyler      a
member of the celebrated schuyler family  he was born in ithaca and
educated at yale  where he graduated in       he then went to the
columbia law school and on leaving it in       entered the american
diplomatic service  he was american consul in moscow and revel  tallinn 
and secretary of the american legations in st  petersburg and
constantinople  while he held the latter post he made a full report on
the turkish atrocities against the bulgarians in       for a while he
acted as minister resident in greece  romania and serbia  he was
regarded as somewhat too pro russian  though  and in      the senate
refused to confirm him as assistant secretary of state  schuyler died in
      his chief work was a two volume biography of peter the great which
appeared in      and was the chief american historical work dealing with
a russian subject  while it has been outmoded by later historical
research  the biography still stands as a monument to his scholarship
and understanding of the russian scene 

george kennan was slightly younger      he was born in      in norwalk 
ohio  he received little formal education but became an expert
telegrapher and was used on important assignments by the western union
telegraph company  including service in the telegraph office of the
white house during the civil war  as the civil war drew to its close 
the american and russian governments became interested in a plan for
linking san francisco and st  petersburg by telegraph  parties of
trained men were sent to various points in the northwest and to siberia
to make the preliminary surveys and to build the line  kennan was placed
in charge of the section that was working in the northern part of
siberia  he spent some years in the wilderness there and became familiar
with the life of the native population as well as the russians  when
construction was stopped after the completion of the atlantic cable 
kennan traveled extensively in the caucasus and spent some time in st 
petersburg  he recounted his experiences in a volume   tent life in
siberia   published in       his familiarity with the natives of siberia
and the wilder tribes of the caucasus led him to feel that russia  with
its multi national population  was in a way similar to the united states
of his day with its still unintegrated masses of immigrants and its
still hostile indian population 

after working as a reporter and war correspondent  he was sent in      
by the century company to visit and report on the siberian prison camps 
he was able to do this because of the many friends in high position that
he had made during his previous visit  he was profoundly shocked by the
conditions and his attitude  previously friendly to the imperial regime 
turned into utter disgust  he secured priceless material from the
russian revolutionists whom he met on his travels and when he published
it in the century magazine and later in book form  in        siberia and
the exile system    it speedily became one of the outstanding
denunciations of the imperial regime  it had much to do with opening the
eyes of the western world to the cruelty and barbarity of the imperial
administration of justice  george kennan continued his work as a
reporter and war correspondent in both the spanish american and
russo japanese wars  he died in      

the last of this group of nineteenth century amateurs was isabel
florence hapgood      she was born in wellesley  massachusetts in     
and passed most of her early life in worcester  she early became
interested in translating and after working in the chief european
languages  began to teach herself russian  she started work on
translating tolstoy and also published a book on the byliny   epic songs
of russia   in      she made her first visit to russia and met many
important officials and writers  for the next twenty years  she
dominated the russian translation field in the united states with many
translations from tolstoy  turgenev and other authors  in      she
brought out her greatest piece of work  a translation and adaptation of
the service books of the russian orthodox church  for which she received
a gold watch from tsar nicholas ii  the work was reprinted several times
then  and again after world war i by the young men s christian
association in paris  for years she was a well known figure at the
services of the russian orthodox cathedral in new york  she rarely
missed a service and she carefully explained the ritual and its
significance to the americans who attended  miss hapgood paid another
visit to russia during the winter of           and on that occasion she
was received by the tsarina  she was in st  petersburg when the russian
revolution broke out  her friends succeeded in getting her out of the
capital and in enabling her to return to the united states through
vladivostok  before her death in       she saw her work replaced in
large part by newer translations and she keenly felt the destruction of
the old regime with which she had been connected for almost half a
century  yet her importance as one of the first serious translators from
russian into english must not be forgotten  she still remains an
interesting figure in american russian relations 

this brief review of the leading figures makes it clear that they worked
outside the educational system of the united states  they were persons
who had developed  for one reason or another  a personal interest in
slavic affairs  many of them had lived in one capacity or another 
largely as members of the american diplomatic service  in some slavic
country  they were strict individualists and did not try to develop
students or assistants  they worked as they pleased and on what they
pleased and if their work was later recognized  they often paid no
attention to it except for the pride any person feels in recognition and
honor 

during this entire period  the colleges and universities had taken no
part in the development  the educational system ignored both the slavic
culture and the steadily increasing number of slavic immigrants  they
continued the usual curricula and developed their courses and work in
the traditional languages of western europe 

yet the results which these individuals had achieved cannot be
overestimated  by the end of the century the leading works of russian
literature  especially the novel  were generally known to american
readers  though all too often from english versions of french and german
translations  the appreciation of polish culture had decreased during
the century as the memory of pulaski and kosciuszko faded  not without
the active cooperation of the representatives of germany 
austria hungary and russia  which had succeeded in removing poland from
the european map and in presenting polish artists and writers as members
of their own states  the culture of the other slavic peoples was even
less known and studied 

yet when we say this  we must never forget that the situation was little
better in england  even in france and germany  slavic studies had not
really found themselves  it is true that professors like jagic  august
leskien  e  berneker and a  brueckner had already started on their
brilliant careers  morfill and later nevill forbes in england were
trying to hold up a standard  even there  though  a study of the slavic
languages and culture  as well as the presentation of the great russian
novelists  was done in an highly out of context manner  so it also was
in the united states where interest had been concentrated in the hands
of a few select individuals who had worked on their own and for their
own pleasure 




                               chapter  
                     the beginning of formal study


the second half and particularly the last quarter of the nineteenth
century was a period of rapid development in the american educational
system  even before the civil war  ambitious young men  dissatisfied
with the rigid curricula of the american colleges  had begun to go to
europe  chiefly to germany  to study and secure the degree of doctor of
philosophy  to a large extent the german universities came to take the
place of even oxford and cambridge  the chief goals of the few pre civil
war students who had gone to europe 

in the same way  foreign scholars began to come to america  again these
were largely german or at least german trained  some of these men
received  through some chance contact  direct invitations  others 
forced by the shifts of german politics and the revolution of       left
their homes and joined the mass emigration to america that was already
beginning  in either case  their influence was to the good 

in       johns hopkins university was established as a definite
post graduate school  granting the doctorate  it was the first such
establishment in the united states and president gilman secured a
distinguished faculty including such foreign scholars as paul haupt in
semitic languages and maurice bloomfield in indo iranian  other
outstanding men were soon appointed and the ideals of german scholarship
were solidly established  undergraduate work at hopkins was regarded as
merely an incidental in the first years of the institution s life 

the example of johns hopkins was not directly followed but it exerted a
marked influence upon some of the more important of the older
institutions  harvard  columbia  yale  princeton and a few others began
to offer more advanced instruction and step by step the modern american
graduate school  with its special course of study  was evolved  this
process required some decades and each institution approached the
problem in its own way  integrating the new work in accordance with its
own traditions  as these developing universities broadened their
interests and the range of their activities  it was only natural that
sooner or later they would come to take into consideration the study of
the slavic peoples and their culture  especially of russia     

the first step was taken at harvard under the influence of archibald
cary coolidge      in a very real sense  coolidge was typical of the men
whom we have considered in the preceding chapter  he was born in
massachusetts in      and graduated from harvard in       he then went
to the university of freiburg for his doctorate  receiving it in      
during these five years  however  he took time out from his actual
attendance at courses to serve as acting secretary of the united states
legation in st  petersburg in           and to act  in       as private
secretary to his uncle  then united states minister to france 

he returned to the united states in      and took a position in the
department of history at harvard  the next year he introduced a course
on the history of northeastern europe  this was  in other words  a
course in russian and polish history  it was the first time anyone had
offered a course covering russia which did not view her history solely
in terms of contacts with the west  the eastern question  the fate of
the ottoman empire and the relations of russia with the countries of
western europe 

professor coolidge was an enthusiast and was deeply convinced of an
american need to study the slavic world  he expounded these views in a
paper delivered before the american historical association in       by
the next year he had added a course at harvard on the eastern question 
at about the same time he secured the appointment of leo wiener as
professor of russian literature  this marked the actual beginning of
slavic studies in an american university 

professor coolidge never gave up his interest in the work  in addition
to the courses that he gave  he superintended the building of the slavic
collection in the harvard library and served constantly as an adviser to
the united states government on slavic matters  he brought out  in      
a volume on the  origin of the triple alliance  and during world war i
was one of the committee of scholars formed under the leadership of
colonel house to prepare materials for the american delegation at the
peace conference  in      he served as a special representative of the
american government in sweden and north russia  and in      he was sent
by the american red cross to negotiate with the bolshevik government on
famine relief  in      he founded  foreign affairs   the organ of the
american council on foreign relations and the leading journal in this
field  he personally acted as editor until      when he relinquished the
task to hamilton fish armstrong who had been in the american service in
serbia during world war i  when professor coolidge died in       he was
the undisputed dean of american slavic historians and the inspiration
for a large part of the work that was then being done in the united
states  his influence on the development of studies in history was
greater than that of leo wiener on languages and literature 

leo wiener             published in      and      an  anthology of
russian literature   this incorporated almost all the translations
previously made  including excerpts from the greater russian writers 
the first volume  which included russian literature up to karamzin 
still remains the best collection in english of the older literature 
where translations were unavailable  professor wiener made his own in
prose  he also published in      and      a translation of the chief
works of tolstoy  unfortunately in his later years  he lost interest in
russian and devoted his energies to studies of ulfilas and the gothic
texts and many other questions far removed from his original field 

a great many of the scholars who became prominent in slavic history
before and during world war i were students of professor coolidge  who
thus became the dominant force in the development of historical studies
for many years  among these was frank a  golder             who
developed russian history at stanford university  he stressed  as we
might expect  the american contact with russia in the north pacific and
the russian explorations in that area  in      he published  russian
expansion in the pacific              and later edited the accounts of
bering s voyages 

another of coolidge s students was robert j  kerner              born in
chicago  kerner took his a b  at the university of chicago and then
after study in europe received his ph d  from harvard in       he was at
first connected with the university of missouri  but in      went to the
university of california at berkeley  where he spent the rest of his
life  he was made sather professor of european history in       when he
retired  in       he was also director of the slavic institute of the
university of california  professor kerner  who was of czech origin  did
most of his work in czech history  especially the period following the
battle of the white mountain  in       he published  bohemia in the
eighteenth century  a study in political  social and economic history 
with special reference to the reign of leopold ii               he
published other works on the western slavs and the balkans  he was
recognized by the scientific societies of both czechoslovakia and
romania before world war ii and was decorated commander of the white
lion of czechoslovakia  and officer of the crown of romania  belgium
also honored him for his work at the peace conference of      as well as
for later services 

another pupil of professor coolidge  robert howard lord             took
his degree in harvard in      and remained there on the faculty  in
      he published  the second division of poland   during and shortly
after world war i he was very active in polish studies and served on the
house commission of scholars to prepare materials for the peace
conference in       however  he suddenly gave up this field of
scholarship  resigned his post  completely withdrew from previous
scholarly contacts and began to study for the roman catholic priesthood 

perhaps the most important of all of the harvard students of this period
was george rapall noyes              a native of massachusetts  he
studied with professor wiener  from      to       he held a harvard
university fellowship for study at st  petersburg  upon his return  he
spent a year as assistant professor of english at the university of
wisconsin and then went to the university of california as assistant
professor of english and russian  in the first year of his work at
california he had only five students in russian and one in czech  but as
the numbers grew he gradually dropped his work in english and by world
war i he was able to devote himself entirely to slavic studies 

during the war  he secured alexander kaun as his assistant  kaun was
born in russia in      and studied from      to      in the free
university of st  petersburg  he then came to the united states and from
     to      taught hebrew in chicago  he went to california and in     
became assistant in russian  he took his m a  and ph d  there and
remained on the faculty  rising to the rank of professor in       kaun
was decidedly leftist in his sympathies and was a typical member of the
russian intelligentsia in its narrowest sense  he was one of that group
far more interested in theoretical than practical reforms  this brought
him very close to those members of the intelligentsia who were most
inclined to sympathize with communism  it determined his views on maxim
gorky and andreyev  the subject of two of his works  he also contributed
many articles on soviet literature  professor kaun died in      

in       george z  patrick was added to the university of california
staff  born in nizhny in       patrick traced his name and ancestry to
an irishman who went to russia after the battle of the boyne in      
educated in the  facult  de droit  in paris and the moscow law school 
from which he was graduated in       he came to america with one of the
russian commissions sent by the provisional government  after its fall 
he went to california and in      was appointed lecturer in french and
russian  in      he dropped his french work and devoted himself entirely
to russian  in      he was appointed to a full professorship  however 
his health was poor and after years of suffering and long periods of
inability to work  he died of tuberculosis in       patrick was
undoubtedly the best teacher of russian that the american universities
have had  he was a charming and sincere man and was the best beloved
professor in the field 

the addition of kaun and patrick to the staff at the university of
california allowed noyes to give up most of his russian work and devote
himself primarily to polish  he visited poland in      and was welcomed
at the university of krakow where he stayed for some months  the polish
government decorated him as commander of  polonia restituta  and several
polish scholarly societies elected him to membership 

even in his early days at california  noyes commenced his work of
translation  among the earliest was a collaboration  the  heroic poems
of servia   with leonard bacon of the english department  later noyes 
with the aid of numerous assistants  translated most of the important
works of mickiewicz  slowacki and krasinski  and also many russian
dramas including a volume   masterpieces of russian drama   ranging from
fonvizin to mayakovsky  it was his practice to write out a very careful
prose translation and then have some of his students and associates set
them  when necessary  into verse  noyes really founded a special school
of translation 

he was an earnest and sincere student  mild but demanding  especially of
himself  he carefully laid out his projected work for years in advance
and maintained a rigid schedule  any pressure of university duties or
unforeseen calls upon his time he met by including in his work schedule
all those periods which he had left himself for vacations  when he died
in       he was the last of the old generation  he left a gap in slavic
scholarship that has not yet been filled 

the interest in russian on the pacific coast was reflected not only in
the appointment of golder to stanford s history department  in      
henry lanz was appointed professor of russian literature and philosophy
there  lanz had been born in moscow in       he was not a very prolific
writer but one of his works on rhythm of language received a prize from
sweden  just before the outbreak of world war ii  he made another trip
to europe and stayed for some time in one of the monasteries on mount
athos  he died in      

another outstanding figure of the period was samuel n  harper
            of the university of chicago  harper was the son of the
first president of the university of chicago  he studied in the  ecole
des langues orientales  in paris and was closely associated with the
group of english slavists who  under the leadership of sir bernard
pares  k b e   gathered at the university of liverpool and after the war
formed the school of slavonic studies at the university of london 
harper was in russia with pares during the revolution of      and was
very friendly with such liberal russian leaders as paul milyukov  in
     he published an english translation of boyer and speranski s
russian reader and in      a volume on the  new electoral law for the
duma   through his connections at the university and charles r  crane 
both milyukov and maxim kovalevsky were brought to chicago for lectures 
harper was a constant adviser to the united states government on russian
affairs  he was convinced that the russian people  if they had the
power  would definitely accept the anglo saxon theories of democracy  a
position which he maintained in his dealing with the russian emigres
after the revolution  he was solidly anti bolshevik but in the thirties
he accepted an invitation to visit moscow  about the same time as pares
did 

harper had a wide knowledge of russian history  and when he was not
traveling  lectured in chicago and conducted courses in russian  yet he
did not build a department of russian and  despite the large slavic
population of the city  showed little interest in introducing other
slavic languages or cultures 

another important center  started just as world war i was beginning  was
at columbia university  although dr  judah a  joffe had been appointed a
lecturer in russian for one year  in       to prepare some articles and
lectures on russian literature for a volume on european literatures
which the university was publishing  the serious work was begun only
when john dyneley prince  then professor of semitic languages and an
authority on assyrian and sumerian  offered courses in russian and
slavonic philology  prince was born in paterson  new jersey  in      and
was an      graduate of columbia  he took his doctorate at johns hopkins
in semitic and conducted excavations in mesopotamia  he was later dean
of the graduate school of new york university and then was brought to
columbia 

in addition to his academic work  prince was greatly interested in
conservative new jersey republican politics  he served as both speaker
of the house and president of the new jersey senate when woodrow wilson
was governor  in       president harding appointed him united states
minister to denmark and president coolidge in      transferred him to
yugoslavia  he was absent from the university therefore from      to
      when as an ardent republican he retired from the diplomatic
service after the election of president franklin delano roosevelt 

prince was an unusually talented linguist who fluently spoke nearly all
european languages  including hungarian and turkish  he was also a
master of several algonquin indian dialects and a masterly singer of
folksongs  he had previously turned this unusual ability to good use in
his political campaigns among the new jersey voters of various foreign
nationalities  when he turned to slavic  he easily mastered nearly all
the languages and soon was able to speak them readily  in addition  he
was an excellent philologist and it was in this field that he most
enjoyed himself  he published a  russian grammar  in      under great
difficulties because of the general lack of proper type  later he
published grammars of both latvian and serbo croatian  he was also a
great friend of professor michael i  pupin  the distinguished serb
professor of electricity 

all these abilities made him determined not to allow the department  at
columbia  to be limited only to russian  he offered courses in      on a
graduate level with ivan s  andreyevsky as assistant  at the same time 
through university extension  he started credit courses in polish with
dr  albert morawski nawench as instructor  dr  morawski nawench was a
polish journalist and editor who had received his doctorate at the
university of vienna  czech was offered by alois koukol  a presbyterian
minister  born in kutna hora and educated in prague 

in addition to these courses  prince opened in columbia university
extension a special school of spoken languages  these were non credit
courses and prince hoped to develop them  in time  into something like
the  ecole des langues orientales   courses were offered in some twenty
languages  this undertaking was nipped in its infancy by prince s
appointment to denmark  for after his departure the original program was
abandoned  it had considerable effect for some years  however  both upon
the department of slavonic languages and several others 

in       prince invited clarence a  manning to be lecturer in slavonic
languages  manning had received his doctorate in greek and latin at
columbia in      and had become interested in russian while on a cutting
fellowship  traveling in europe at the outbreak of world war i  he was
on leave of absence from the university in           while serving in
the corps of intelligence police and the translation section  m i     of
the united states army war college  during prince s absence  he served
as acting executive officer of the department 

on his return to columbia  in      prince resumed his professorship but
because of failing health and eyesight he retired in       he died in
      in this early period  two doctorates were conferred  one was
conferred on mr  avrahm yarmolinsky  director of the slavic department
of the new york public library  for a study of dostoyevsky s ideology 
the other on milivoy s  stanoyevich  for a work on early yugoslav
literature 

in addition to these main centers  there were several other developments
worthy of mention  professor william lyon phelps  the distinguished
professor of english at yale university  published in      a popular
work   essays on the russian novelists   he was assisted in preparing
this by max s  mandell who for a decade continued to give courses in the
russian language  mandell also published a translation of the plays of
turgenev and several other works 

professor clarence l  meader of the department of classics at the
university of michigan also introduced courses in russian and published
a translation of the plays of andreyev  professor harold h  bender of
princeton  starting from a study of linguistics  came to stress the
influence of the baltic and slavic languages  especially lithuanian  in
neither case was there a department definitely established at this time 

there were also a great many professors in various other fields who did
valuable work on slavic subjects  it would be impossible to list all of
these works though some should be mentioned 

professor vladimir simkhovich was appointed a professor of economic
history at columbia in       there he continued work which he had
started at the university of jena in      on  die feldgemeinschaft in
russland  and  in        die bauernbefreiung in russland   several
dissertations on slavic subjects were accepted by the faculty of
political science at columbia  such as the  eastern question  by
professor stephan duggan in      and the  making of the balkan states 
by w  s  murray in      

professor ales hrdlicka  the distinguished czech anthropologist and
authority on the population of the aleutian islands  published several
works on the czechs and on the  races of russia  for the smithsonian
miscellaneous collection for      

professor e  a  ross  a sociologist of the university of wisconsin  was
in russia during the revolution and published  russia in upheaval  in
       russian bolshevik revolution  in       and  russian soviet
republics  in      

paul r  radosavljevich  professor of experimental psychology at new york
university  published in      the two volume work   who are the slavs  
this was a serious attempt to study slavic psychology and to identify 
if possible  features common to all slavic nations 

a psychology professor  will s  monroe of the new jersey state normal
school in montclair  traveled extensively in both czechoslovakia and
bulgaria and published  bohemians and czechs  in      and  bulgaria and
its people  in      

other men who were active  some of them students of professor coolidge 
were  professor arthur i  andrews  tufts college  professor a  j 
shipman  princeton  professor sidney bradshaw fay  smith college  and
professor bernadotte schmitt  university of chicago  most of these knew
russian or one of the slavic languages but at this period there was no
generally accepted rule that the students of slavic themes had to be
familiar with the original sources and many of the dissertations and
books published were by men who used materials available in french 
german  or rarely  latin 

there were also many scholarly books by persons who had little or no
university connections  included in these are the translations of
 russian poetry  by babette deutsch  the wife of dr  yarmolinsky  and
the volumes by julius f  hecker 

america s entrance into world war i revealed the american people s need
for more accurate knowledge of slavic affairs  this was especially shown
by the confusion which prevailed  even in official circles  concerning
the russian revolution and the rise of bolshevism      it became still
more apparent when the committee  brought together through the efforts
of col  edward m  house  to consider the effect of the peace found
themselves hampered by lack of material on the non russian peoples of
the russian empire  the german materials on these people were suspect 
and the russian a sealed book to all except a very few of the committee
members  and there was almost no one to deal with materials in the
native languages  especially when the material was not slavic 

before the war  german had been the chief foreign language taught in the
american schools and universities  however  hostilities brought general
anger against the germans and also against certain german professors who
placed themselves all too readily at the service of the german
government  this resulted in widespread opposition to the use of german
and  in fact  to any foreign language  some states  such as nebraska 
where there was a large population of german origin  went so far as to
forbid the teaching of any foreign language within the limits of the
state  a ban which was later overruled by the united states supreme
court  even where this extreme was not reached  the number of students
of german declined almost to nothing and many members of the university
faculties either were dropped from their posts or were faced with that
possibility 

in this crisis  and in the hope that the russian revolution would
promote democratic contacts and trade with the united states  some of
these former german professors announced courses in russian  there was
often something humorous and grotesque about this  for there were few if
any textbooks and the professors themselves had little knowledge of the
language  the situation in some cases was scandalous  there is little
reason to do more than mention the existence of this situation  even
well known scholars lent themselves to it  only to report a few years
later that there was no call for russian  as a result  the sudden flurry
of russian courses was without result and in the years after the war 
they were more or less quietly abandoned  it accentuated the common
notion that russian could not be learned  an idea energetically fostered
for various reasons  no one took the trouble to realize that the
necessary preliminaries  such as the publication of grammars  were yet
to be done  there were no books available  save a few published in
england  and no real teachers  save some chance immigrants who owed
their opportunities more to good fortune than to ability or training 
yet the war period did serve to strengthen those departments which had
been previously established  it brought a few new individuals into the
picture and above all it aroused a sense of need that was slowly to be
satisfied 




                               chapter  
                   slavic efforts before world war i


in the preceding chapters  dealing with the gradual development of an
intellectual interest in slavic questions  we have largely ignored the
activity of slavic groups in the united states  this was deliberate  for
the early stages of slavic study were almost completely apart from the
work of the slavs themselves and involved only those persons who had
come to the united states and achieved prominence or success outside of
their own communities and background 

these early slavic efforts could make little imprint upon the american
public  for the first steps were taken under most adverse conditions 
the slavic masses were composed for the most part of the underprivileged
groups who had come to america in the hope of working for a few years
and then returning  later they became american citizens  but until     
a surprising percentage of the slavs had not taken out citizenship
papers 

for their self protection and mutual advantage these masses had formed
their own churches and fraternal organizations  there were in the
nineteenth century many difficulties to be encountered by each and the
communities lived apart with relatively little social or political
contact with the rest of the population 

as entire families began to settle  their children were compelled to
attend the american public schools where instruction was given only in
english  it was not long before the preservation of their native
languages became a burning question  to be acted on by the establishment
of language schools held outside of regular school hours  in the late
afternoons  evenings and on saturdays  for example  the first czech
school was founded in      by the  slovanska lipa  society of milwaukee 
wisconsin  in       the first czech schools were established in chicago
and  in       in new york  the example of the czechs was followed later
by the poles  the slovaks  the croatians  the serbs and the ukrainians 

these schools were conducted by the best educated men or women in the
community  though this did not of necessity mean much  classes were
usually held in the building of a church or other organization  but
sometimes in private homes or in public school buildings  the use of
which was given free by the american school authorities  the textbooks
were inadequate  often being those which the teacher had studied years
before in the home country  sometimes they were heavily laden with
political propaganda  as were the books prepared for the carpathian
population by the hungarian government which exercised a considerable
influence through the greek catholic priests who were magyaron in
tendency as a result of their early upbringing  the situation was made
worse by the fact that the schools in the homelands were themselves
unsatisfactory  either in the hands of the alien rulers or the products
of the vague stirrings of the population to secure their own more or
less illegal schools     

despite all this  these schools did achieve some success but not enough
to be regarded as a satisfactory solution of the problem  life in
america  even with its lack of legal barriers or restraints  was
unfavorable to active continuation of a foreign tongue  the contrast
between these impromptu courses and the developing american school
system was too striking to escape the attention of the pupils in the two
types of schools as well as the more intelligent leaders of the
community  in addition to this  these schools failed to give the
students an adequate picture of the progress that their relatives at
home were making 

the roman catholic schools were gradually remodelled on the normal
parochial school system  the teachers were  for the most part  nuns and
brothers from orders working among a particular national group  their
quality of teaching was often quite low but the church schools did enjoy
the possibility of incorporating the innovations which were coming into
the parochial schools  thus as the parochial schools were improved  so
were the foreign schools under church auspices 

in the orthodox and catholic uniat churches  such instruction was
usually given by the dyak or cantor  a layman who superintended the
choirs and took a part in the services  these men had some education but
little training in teaching and their efforts were largely directed
along the same lines as in their homelands 

the protestant and anti clerical groups endeavored to find competent
laymen  these stressed the holding of classes in some lay building or on
the property of some secular organization 

as early as       a journal in johnson county  iowa  the  slovan
americky   started a campaign to raise money for a czech college in
america  the newspaper believed that it could accomplish its purpose if
it succeeded in raising          the proposal  being launched by a
single newspaper  did not secure the support of rival papers and the
entire enterprise was dropped as a failure     

out of this chaotic and thoroughly unsatisfactory situation two
tendencies became evident just before world war i  those catholic
schools which had acquired some stability and organization began to take
the shape of the other parochial schools and where there was sufficient
demand and a sufficient concentration of worshippers  they began to
approximate the parochial high schools and then to pass over to be two
or three year colleges  the work of these was still not of high calibre
but the leaders were constantly striving to make them so  thus  the
czech benedictines founded a school in chicago in       this passed
through the usual changes and after its removal to lisle  illinois  in
     it was reorganized as st  procopius college  now a duly accredited
catholic institution  st  vincent college  latrobe  pennsylvania  with a
marked emphasis on slovak  is another of these institutions 

we find the same activity among the poles  st  mary s seminary  orchard
lake  michigan  early included polish in its curriculum  as did st 
francis seminary  milwaukee  various religious orders have long
conducted courses in the polish language on the high school level in
various centers of population  the polish roman catholic union  with its
library  was highly developed by mieczyslaw haiman  especially in
publishing studies of the career of such polish soldiers in the united
states as tadeusz kosciuszko and the other poles who fought in the
american revolution  the polish historical society also has done
outstanding work  all these represent the natural development of the
poles and their descendants in america  and deserve more than passing
mention 

at the turn of the century  the fraternal organizations also began to
give the question of schools due consideration  almost all appointed
committees on education and they too decided that the primary need was
the foundation of special colleges where instruction could be given in
the language of the homeland  thus  in      there was formed in cedar
rapids  iowa  an institution   matice vyssoho vzdelani   a center of
higher studies  by bohumil simek and g  f  severa to work for the
establishment of a czech college  but it also met with no success 

in       the polish national alliance also created a committee on
education and schools  which worked for ten years and then in       at
cambridge springs  pennsylvania  opened the polish national alliance
college which was incorporated in       although it was rather on the
level of a high school  it profited by the opportunity to establish a
branch of the student army training corps during world war i  its first
rector was professor romuald piatkowski  in       the work of the high
school or academy was augmented by the foundation of a technical
institute  it was in this status that the institution passed into the
next general period     

other forces were at work  however  to preserve the native languages by
introducing the slavic languages into the already established american
institutions  while the motives were varied the efforts were made first
by the less clerical and the more protestant parts of the population 
thus  in       the congregational church in ohio persuaded the
authorities of oberlin college at oberlin  ohio     to introduce a
course in czech for candidates to the congregational ministry who would
minister to the czech communities  professor louis f  miskovsky was
appointed instructor  and his became the first chair of slavic studies
in an american institution  oberlin s program differed from the later
attempts at harvard and elsewhere in that it was frankly intended only
to teach the language  any slavic cultural work in a broader sense was
insignificant  it is small wonder then that on professor miskovsky s
death in the      s  the chair was quickly abandoned and the money used
for a course of lectures on central european affairs given by professor
oskar jaszy  a liberal hungarian who opposed both communism and the
regime of admiral horthy 

in somewhat the same way  and for the same purpose  instruction in the
polish language was introduced into notre dame university in      

efforts to include a slavic language  usually czech  in the curricula of
state and private colleges were particularly intense in nebraska and
iowa      in these states  the czech population had been among the
earliest settlers  many had prospered and secured appointive and
elective posts in the state governments  which gave them the opportunity
to work for the introduction of their native language into various
institutions 

in       professor bohumil simek of the university of iowa and f  j 
pipal  a student of the university of nebraska  established at lincoln
the first of the komensky educational clubs  these clubs were intended
to unite the czech americans who had some education  the movement  which
included plans for building a monument to the czech educator jan amos
komensky  comenius   spread extensively and finally included twenty nine
societies  chiefly in the states of nebraska and iowa  although there
were some in texas  chicago and new york  for a while this loosely knit
organization was even able to publish a periodical bulletin     

these clubs petitioned at once for the establishment of czech language
courses at the university of nebraska  although the request was turned
down on the ground that there was a lack of interest in such a project
among the czechs  a new attempt was made during the winter of         
john rosicky  an outstanding publisher of czech newspapers in nebraska 
and vaclav bures  both of omaha  met the regents of the state university
along with frank rejcha  a member of the nebraska legislature  the
chancellor of the university  in refusing the request  proposed a
political deal whereby a tax of one mill would be laid on certain
railroad properties and earmarked for the university  by clever
lobbying  the czechs secured passage for the bill  then the governor of
the state cut the grants to the university and the chancellor again
declined to set up a slavonic department  later the same summer 
however  another request was more successful and courses were started in
the fall of      

the first instructor was jeffrey dolezal hrbek  a graduate of lafayette
college  easton  pennsylvania  and  at the time  a student in the
university of iowa  he was appointed head of the new department of
slavonic and instructor in the germanic languages and literatures 
unfortunately hrbek  a young man of great promise  became ill and died
on december         

he was succeeded by his sister sarka b  hrbkova  who graduated from the
university of iowa in      and received an m a  from nebraska in      
under her period of teaching  the department flourished  in      she was
named adjunct professor  in       an assistant professor  and in      
she became a full professor  she was also very active during the war in
various aspects of czech american relations 

during world war i  the outburst against the use of german spread in
nebraska to all foreign languages  the courses in the university were
dropped and the department was abolished  while professor hrbkova moved
to new york and became the manager of the czechoslovak section of the
foreign language information service  ancestor of the common council for
american unity  the outburst was even worse against czech courses in the
lower schools and in      the so called siman bill provided that  no
person  individually or as a teacher  shall  in any private 
denominational  parochial or public school  teach any subject to any
person in any language other than the english language   this was made
more stringent in      but in       the measures were declared
unconstitutional by the united states supreme court 

in the meantime  the break in the university courses was less prolonged 
in          during the meeting of the state constitutional convention 
two members of czech origin raised the question of a renewal of the
courses  after negotiations  the teaching of czech was renewed in the
autumn of      under professor orin stepanek  stepanek  a native of
nebraska  received his a b  from the university of nebraska in      and
an a m  from harvard in       after service in the u s  marine corps he
returned to harvard and then went to serve under general snejdarek on
the magyar frontier  after this  he returned to nebraska and there
became assistant professor of english  while there  he was also giving
courses in czech and russian under the auspices of the department of
modern language and  later  of romance languages 

we have stressed the history of the establishment of slavic work at the
university of nebraska because the czechs were sufficiently numerous and
influential to be able to reach the university authorities and the state
legislature  more than that  they were persistent and finally succeeded
in securing recognition  yet in its way  the same type of politics  in
addition to formal applications  was going on with various degrees of
success in many different places 

at about the same time  czech was included in the university of iowa
where miss anna heyberger conducted the work  still later she changed to
coe college at cedar rapids where she became professor of french and
took a doctorate  with a dissertation on the czech educator jan amos
comenius  at the university of paris  alois barta was then giving
instructions at dubuque college and seminary  for a while before world
war i  b  prokosch gave courses in czech at the university of wisconsin
and leon zelenka lerando at ohio state university but more lasting
results were obtained by mr  charles knizek at the university of texas 
where czech has continued almost without a break since its
introduction      at this time  still other developments  largely
connected with the various churches  were ensuing  for example  reverend
andrew slabey was appointed to the international baptist seminary in
montclair  new jersey  an institution greatly concerned with training
clergymen for missionary work among various non english groups and
extensively staffed for such foreign languages as slovak  ukrainian and
hungarian  on the other hand  the russian orthodox archbishop of the
aleutian islands and north america established a small russian seminary
at minneapolis  minnesota  this was later moved to tenafly  new jersey 
and its head was reverend leonid turkevich  the present archbishop
leonty of the russian orthodox church in north america 

we could extend this list even further  but the institutions at this
period cared for little more than the giving of elementary instruction
in a slavic language  usually either czech or polish  the period
witnessed the publication of a considerable number of elementary
grammars  dictionaries and readers  many of these were not of high
quality but they did reflect the growing maturity of the various slavic
communities and their efforts to secure the introduction of their
languages into the curricula of american institutions  furthermore  at
this period  it was rare that any person in one of these smaller state
institutions could secure a post exclusively in slavic studies  the best
and most scholarly were compelled to carry almost a full load in some
other subject  but the mere fact that this was possible accents the
increasing number of young slavs who were securing college and
university educations  the situation was still not healthy but at the
beginning of world war i it was by no means as hopeless as it had seemed
earlier 




                               chapter  
                           from      to     


as we have seen  slavic studies were in their infancy when world war i
broke out  the american reaction to the war was  as we might have
expected  a plain paradox 

american public opinion concentrated on the western front and the
campaign in france and only slowly did it begin to react to the enormous
forces that were working in the central and eastern parts of europe  as
in most countries of europe  the only persons who took a deep interest
in these areas were the immigrants and the few persons who had already
been awakened to the great problems which the slavic world of the time
presented 

the clash of great britain  france and russia against germany 
austria hungary and italy  the triple entente versus the triple
alliance  seemed real only in its relations to the western front  the
eastern front and the titanic passions released in the slavic lands
under both russia and austria hungary seemed fantastic to public opinion
and even to the opinion of the educated and intelligent classes  at the
same time  it did have a message for the slavic communities in the
united states which sought every opportunity to raise their voice in
hope of national liberation  the average american was more moved by the
armenian massacres than he was by the astounding russian advances and
retreats in the east  the causes which led the united states into the
war were almost wholly connected with the respective influences of great
britain  france and germany and it was the armistice with germany on
november          that convinced the american people that the war was
over and that the whole of europe would very soon return to normalcy 

consistent with american preoccupation with the developments in germany 
the agitation for the disintegration of austria hungary vigorously
sponsored by the slavic colonies in the united states and the various
national committees in europe found a hearing chiefly as a means of
curtailing german influence  furthermore  as a result of propaganda
diligently spread during the war  the russian revolution seemed to the
majority of the american people another step in the development of
democracy and the break up of the control of russia by a germanized
royal family and a germanized bureaucracy  it might even be said that
the initial distrust of lenin came because the german general staff
allowed him to cross to russia from switzerland  the disintegration of
the russian front was laid entirely to german propaganda and the most
ridiculous stories were advanced in order to justify this point of view 
this attitude prompted the american reaction to the efforts of
liberation of the various peoples of the old russian empire and nearly
all the nationalist movements were laid to german influences 

we may see this in the phrasing of the sixth of wilson s fourteen points
touching russia 

  the evacuation of all russian territory  and such a settlement of
  all questions affecting russia as will secure the best and freest
  cooperation of the other nations of the world in obtaining for her
  an unhampered and unembarrassed opportunity for the independent
  determination of her own political development and national policy 
  and assure her of a sincere welcome into the society of free nations
  under institutions of her own choosing and more than a welcome 
  assistance of every kind that she may need and may herself desire 

on the other hand the non russian peoples of the old empire paid no
attention to these remarks by president wilson  they saw rather the
general principles enunciated in the fifth point   a free  open minded
and absolutely impartial adjustment of all colonial claims based upon a
strict observance of the principle that in determining all such
questions of sovereignty the interests of the populations concerned must
have equal weight with the equitable claims of the government whose
title is to be determined   in fact he went further and on july        
he declared in the  four ends  speech   the settlement of every
question  whether of territory or sovereignty  of economic arrangement 
or of political relationship  upon the basis of the free acceptance of
that settlement by the people immediately concerned  and not upon the
basis of the material interest or advantage of any other nation or
people which may desire a different settlement for the sake of its
exterior influence or mastery  

thus the doctrine of self determination definitely pronounced by
president wilson was carried still further by the people of the old
russian empire than he had himself intended  he only provided for
independence for finland  poland and armenia  three peoples who had won
the special sympathy of the american people  in the case of all others 
he was prepared to rest upon his sixth point and neglect careful and
accurate study of the conditions prevailing in eastern europe 

if space permitted  we could trace this idea in the american attitude to
the peace of brest litovsk  the actions of the american expeditionary
forces in archangel and vladivostok  the attitude toward the russian
white armies  the refusal to grant an eastern border to poland under the
treaties of versailles and saint germain  the refusal to recognize the
cession of bessarabia by russia to romania and many other questions  it
insured high favor from those entirely removed from austria hungary and
germany and relative disfavor from all peoples trying to separate
themselves from russia 

it is true that from the very beginning of the conflict the leading
intelligence officers like colonels ralph van deman and marlborough
churchill  the real moving spirits of the military intelligence branch
of the general staff  recognized the importance of the slavic languages 
and colonel graham d  fitch included the slavic languages among those
handled in the translation section of which he was the chief  yet on the
whole  the corps of interpreters and other concerned branches and units
paid little attention to them and nearly all the american agents in the
slavic territories were persons who had already known the languages 
even in the case of the siberian and archangel expeditions  the problem
of interpreters was not placed on a firm basis  for some years after the
war  almost all the officers and men in the state department were
persons who had served in these forces and had attained a certain amount
of russian or some other language without any formal training 

the situation was the same in the committee formed by colonel edward
house to study the peace settlement  it is true that most of the
professors of slavic were connected with this but it was very soon
discovered that much of the available material could not be used unless
it was in one of the western languages or  in some cases  in russian
 and  of course  with a russian bias  

thus the world war  and american participation in it  did not result in
any marked increase in interest and there was for some years a strong
feeling that a knowledge of the languages was secondary  the old
divisions between language and the historical sciences were still
perpetuated  gradually breaking down between the wars 

it is true that after the war  the war department made a half hearted
attempt to train certain regular officers in various subjects with a
possible eye for making them instructors in west point  these included
two men who had been on the siberian expedition  lt  col  benjamin b 
mccroskey and captain william gent were sent to study in the department
of slavonic languages at columbia university  with the growth of
isolationism the experiment was not pressed  and step by step all of the
government services lost interest except for a few young men in the
state department who were often sent in some indefinite capacity to the
baltic republics with the intent of learning russian 

thus  at the end of the war  there had come no important change in the
general picture  the departments of language in harvard  california and
columbia continued  perhaps with increased staffs  and professor harper
in chicago went on with his work also  on the other hand  there were a
number of universities and colleges  chiefly in the middle west  where
one or more slavic languages were taught  often under the pressure of
local slavic groups  these included nebraska where orin stepanek was
teaching  czech was also added to the curriculum of creighton university
in omaha and the university of texas in austin  there were energetic
stirrings among the poles to introduce their language at the university
of wisconsin  there were men in various other institutions such as
professor leon zelenka lerando in lafayette college who  in at least
part of their work  handled one or another language  yet in the course
of the years many of those institutions which had included russian
during the war abandoned it     

a rather unique case occurred at dartmouth college  professor r  w 
jones  who was in the german department  knew some russian  but  one of
the professors of the english department was eric p  kelly  who had been
in poland with the ymca during the war and had become vitally interested
in the country and its culture  in      he published a very successful
boy s story on medieval poland   the trumpeter of krakow   which won the
newberry prize for juvenile books  later he wrote two more on polish
themes   the blacksmith of wilno  and  the golden star of halich  
through their influence  william j  rose  a canadian and later the
director of the school of slavonic and east european studies in the
university of london  was brought to dartmouth for a few years  at one
time it looked as if dartmouth would establish a full department with
kelly attracting large classes to courses in polish in translation 
kelly became important in polish intellectual work but for some reason 
despite his popularity  reverted to work in journalism  although he
continued his interest in things polish outside the institution     

all this was at a time when the bulk of the work on east european
history was still being carried on in the small institutions by men who
had no language training  in far too many places we still can find
traces of this habit 

another important event of the period  following the bolshevik
revolution  was the arrival in the united states of a number of russian
emigres  on all intellectual levels  some of them like professors m 
rostovtseff and a  a  vasilieff  were among the most distinguished
russian scholars  they easily found outstanding positions for themselves
in the leading universities and were able to exert a considerable
influence  they brought with them  in various capacities  men like
professor george vernadsky who were to become the heads of their
subjects during the next decades  it would take too long to list all of
these men but among them was professor leonid strakhovsky  rostovtseff s
nephew  who taught history at georgetown university and later moved to
the university of maryland  then to harvard and is now at the university
of toronto  professor serge eliseeff of harvard was also in the field of
far eastern languages  for a while  nicholas martinovitch  formerly of
the university of petersburg  was at columbia in the field of turkic
studies  many more of the younger group have gradually secured good
positions and worked themselves up in the american university system 
sometimes with a change of their names 

the same period saw the arrival in the united states of such outstanding
ukrainian scholars as the architect and engineer  professor stephen
timoshenko of stanford university  and his brother the economist
volodymyr timoshenko of the same institution  and professor alexander
granovsky  an entomologist  of the university of minnesota  professor
dmytro doroshenko of the ukrainian free university in prague paid
several visits to canada  all of these men were very active in arousing
interests in ukrainian culture as were the choral leader  alexander
koshits  and the sculptor  alexander archipenko 

there were also a few young men of slavic origin  born and educated in
the united states  who devoted themselves to russian fields  among them
was leo pasvolsky who worked for many years at the brookings institute
in washington and was the son of one of the foremost russian editors in
the pre war united states  yet the situation was so discouraging that
relatively few of the really young emigres who came to the united states
after      and secured an education went into slavic studies  they
usually chose some other field and gradually lost all practical
influence in the extension of slavic culture  though in a few cases they
did some unofficial work in their own languages 

the situation in the languages and cultures of the liberated slavic
countries was very different  the restoration of the independence of
czechoslovakia and poland and the formation of the kingdom of the serbs 
croats  and slovenes  later yugoslavia  involved the  slavonization  of
many institutions that formerly had been under german and austrian
control  as a result  there was a strong call for professors in those
lands and very few of the outstanding men came to america during the
early years  when they did  it was usually for a limited time  a
semester or perhaps a full year  and the funds for this purpose were
often supplied by the slavic community in the neighborhood  thus the
poles of detroit brought professor thaddeus mitana to the university of
michigan  this had been intended as the beginning of a polish chair  but
the attempt broke down and professor mitana remained at alliance
college  the institution of the polish national association  professor
roman dyboski of the university of krakow was likewise brought to the
university of chicago for a period  but his lectures were not connected
in any sense with the work of professor harper  in       professor
otakar vocadlo of the university of bratislava spent almost a full year
lecturing throughout the united states  all this did much to promote an
appreciation of slavic scholarship  but since most of the visitors were
in technical and scientific fields they did not increase interest in
distinctively slavic subjects 

many of these visits were arranged through the institute of
international education which  as part of an international policy 
brought to the united states not only professors on lecture tours but
many students from the slavic lands  the same institute also
administered a series of fellowships  usually for advanced study  which
were chiefly offered to americans of czech and slovak parentage by the
czechoslovak ministry of education  a similar program among the poles
was carried on by the distinctively polish american kosciuszko
foundation begun in       it was able to take many american polish
students to poland by offering them not only free tuition but also
greatly reduced rates on the polish american line steamships 

during the      s those american universities most interested in slavic
subjects developed rather independently  in the field of history  there
were few real innovations  during the twenties  and especially during
the period of the new economic policy in the ussr  a few young men were
able  on fellowships from various institutions  to study in the soviet
universities and familiarize themselves with conditions there  among
these men we may mention two important scholars of the present time 
professor philip mosely of the american council of foreign relations 
formerly of columbia university  and professor geroid t  robinson of
columbia  other men similarly visited other slavic lands for varying
periods  their studies have been an application of the accepted method
of historical research to the history of the slavic countries by men who
were as well trained in slavic as earlier generations had been in french
and german 

the situation was different in the field of language  literature and
culture  in the general sense of the word  for these subjects had been
very largely ignored in the earlier periods except in those institutions
where slavic departments had been established  even the masterpieces of
russian literature had been handled purely on the basis of translations 
with few efforts to equate them with the general life of russia  this
had produced the jaundiced view of russian literature satirized by
stephen leacock of mcgill university  in fact during a large part of the
period between the wars  one of the largest groups of students of slavic
literature were persons who had no desire to learn the language or to
read slavic literature in the original  they were merely interested in
including russian in courses of comparative literature  or they were
instructors obliged to treat some of the russian masterpieces in
translation 

this broad cultural need was met in different ways by the various slavic
departments  thus  during these years  the department at the university
of california  under professor george rapall noyes  decidedly stressed
the development of translation  and courses in which a knowledge of
russian was not primarily required  the department grew steadily but
largely maintained its original staff supplemented by visiting
lecturers  this policy continued until the eve of world war ii  during
most of this time professor noyes did not make any special effort to
establish contacts with the slavic groups on the pacific coast 

the situation at columbia university was different  professor clarence
a  manning  who was acting department head during the twelve years which
professor prince spent in the american diplomatic service  tried to
continue the policy of professor prince in fostering a study of all the
slavic languages and in establishing contacts with the slavic
communities in the new york area  in terms of administration  the chief
development was the transfer of most instruction in the slavic languages
from the faculty of philosophy  where it had originated  to the columbia
extension teaching  later revamped as the school of general studies 
this school had been planned originally for adult education but as it
acquired a special form it furnished a convenient vehicle for many
years  for giving language instruction  for some years it conducted a
series of extramural courses  especially in polish  as far away as
wilkes barre  pennsylvania 

the first addition to what eventually became a full time staff was mrs 
elena t  mogilat who  from      until the eve of world war ii  conducted
practically all the courses in the russian language  in       arthur p 
coleman  the first american of non slavic origin to receive a doctorate
in slavic languages in the united states  was appointed lecturer and
devoted himself chiefly to courses in polish 

the rest of the staff  some of whom served for many years  was composed
chiefly of educated journalists employed on the slavic papers in new
york or persons occupying responsible positions in various institutions
of learning and business  almost without interruption  yearly courses
were given in polish  czechoslovak and serbo croatian or slovene  we
must specifically mention the courses in albanian given by nelo drizari
who published  at this period  an albanian english grammar and a small
albanian english dictionary  most of the students in these non russian
courses were second generation slavs  few of these ever worked toward
higher degrees 

during the twenties  most students for the doctorate were russians or
persons of russian descent who had come to the united states after the
revolution seeking positions in the american educational world  those
who took the master s degree were largely of the second generation or of
non slavic origin 

the department made its most extensive efforts in      in providing a
summer course on the history of all slavic literatures  the lectures on
russian were given by prince d  s  mirsky of the university of london 
on czech  by professor otakar vocadlo  on polish  by professor kelly of
dartmouth  and  on yugoslav  by dr  d  subotic of the university of
london  one lecture on bulgarian was prepared by dimitar shishmanov  the
son of the distinguished professor of slavic philology at the university
of sofia and a well known bulgarian author who was executed by the
communists after world war ii  the response of students was not
sufficient to justify the repetition of the experiment in the next
years  although the numbers exceeded anything achieved in england at
that time for similar programs 

at the time it was the idea of professor manning that the future of
slavic studies  especially in those languages spoken by considerable
communities in the united states  lay in the development of interest and
support from those communities  this notion was  at the time  warmly
supported by columbia s president nicholas murray butler and led to the
formation of an institute of polish culture and an institute of
czechoslovak studies  both met with initial success but the depression
with its pressure upon the slavic population of the united states  led
to a practical suspension of the institutes after the publication of a
polish number of the american archaeological journal   art and
archaeology   and a translated  anthology of czechoslovak poetry 
compiled in the united states and canada 

on the return of professor prince in       the name of the department
was changed to east european languages and professor prince made a new
effort to realize his dream of founding something that would include all
of the peoples of eastern europe  it proved premature  once again  the
department underwent further change after the retirement of professor
prince  then in the fall of       professor max vasmer of the university
of berlin lectured for one semester  he was followed by professor boris
unbegaun of the university of strassburg  still later professor karl
menges was added to the faculty to give courses in slavic and altaic
philology 

in still a different field  professor manning and dean hawkes  of
columbia college  were both active in the establishment of st 
vladimir s russian orthodox seminary in new york  to train candidates
for the priesthood of the russian orthodox church of north america  this
developed later into st  vladimir s orthodox seminary and theological
academy  to this were invited many of the leading emigrant russian
theologians from paris and elsewhere 

the development at harvard was somewhat different  few changes were made
in the situation which existed prior to world war i  until the
retirement of professor wiener  then in      professor samuel hazzard
cross  born in       a b  and ph d  at harvard before        rejoined
his alma mater and after some years of service in the german department
was made  in       professor of slavic languages  with the appointment
of professor cross  slavic work at harvard went through a new period of
development and expansion  into the revised department cross brought
professor ernest j  simmons who had taken his doctorate in      with a
study of english influence on russian literature of the eighteenth
century  a larger staff of russian assistants was also engaged 

professor cross  who had translated the  russian primary chronicle  
stressed the older period of russian literature  perhaps because of his
germanic interests  he also became the managing editor of  speculum  
the organ of the mediaeval academy of america  in his interest in the
medieval period  professor cross was not alone in harvard for from the
school of architecture came the work of professor kenneth j  conant on
st  sofia cathedral in kiev and from the english department the work by
francis p  magoun  jr  on the spreading in east slavic lands of the
medieval  gestes  of alexander 

during the following years  professor cross became the center of the
developing slavic activity  which was not limited to harvard  but which
was responsible for the publication of various works in connection with
the pushkin centennial in       the death of cross in      was a great
loss to american russian scholarship 

still another attempt to promote slavic studies was made at the
university of pittsburgh by the establishment of national rooms in the
cathedral of learning to serve as centers for the national interests of
the students  the slavic communities  in and around the city  were urged
to provide funds to furnish these rooms in native style and appeals were
frequently made to the governments of the slavic countries to help in
the work 

in      also  professor michael karpovich  joined the faculty at harvard
as professor of russian history  professor karpovich had been trained as
a lawyer and diplomat in russia before the revolution of      and he
soon became a leading spokesman for the russian liberal groups in the
united states and in america s scholarly communities 

at the end of world war i  it was proposed that a scientific society be
established to unite slavic scholars  the constitution and practice of
existing organizations in history seemed sufficiently broad to include
the professors of those subjects but a more complicated situation
prevailed in the fields of language and literature 

consequently  in       there was organized the society for the
advancement of slavonic study  the nucleus of this group was slavs from
various organizations  especially czechs and yugoslavs  the first
president was miss sarka b  hrbkova who had come to new york from
nebraska after the dissolution of the department at the state university
there  the secretary was leon zelenka lerando of lafayette college  a
few meetings were held in      with the final one at columbia  the
society did not prove to be a success  however  largely because of the
inability of the founders to realize the aims of the society  it
published a few numbers of a bulletin but the addresses at the meetings
were made largely under the mistaken impression that the  findings  of
the society would pass for final pronunciamentos on many of the most
disputed subjects of slavic scholarship  it must be confessed  also 
that many of these  findings  were based upon the political decisions
made at versailles and previously advanced by movements such as the
czechoslovak national committee  as a result  the organization rapidly
lost standing and it very soon ceased to exist 

yet the seed which it had sown was not entirely wasted  in      
professor manning discussed with the modern language association the
possibility of organizing the scholars of slavic languages and
literatures under its auspices  from the very beginning  the attitude of
professor manning and the other founders was to avoid the difficulties
that had arisen earlier between the association and the society for the
advancement of slavonic study  the first meeting  under the chairmanship
of professor manning  was poorly attended and some of the papers read
were decidedly amateurish  but the group continued  during the
intervening years  the original group has been developed into two  one
for slavic literatures and one for slavic philology  the attendance is
composed of members of the association who are either actively or
passively interested in slavic studies  this is very different from the
early years when it became necessary to do everything possible to secure
an audience for the few persons who ventured to submit papers  during
the early years  professor manning remained as chairman and the
secretary was usually chosen from one of the representatives of the
slavic communities who had shown some interest in the undertaking  now
the posts of chairman and secretary are rotated  more or less regularly 
and most professors of slavic in the country have filled a position at
least once  even so  the group has not sufficiently developed to apply
for recognition as a section parallel to those for english  romance and
germanic  despite this  one of its members  professor ernest j  simmons 
has been elected to the post of director of the modern language
association for one term 

a somewhat different development came in the foundation of the  slavonic
review  by professor sir bernard pares and professor r  w  seton watson
at the university of london in       from the beginning  this journal 
the first purely scholarly slavic journal in english  had as american
co editors  professor harper  professor noyes and professor kerner  then
at the university of missouri  in       once the journal was fairly
launched  professor seton watson came to the united states in the hope
of dissuading american slavists from starting a competing journal  the
proposal was broached at a meeting of the american historical
association in richmond  virginia  but was decidedly disapproved by some
of those present  and the idea was tacitly dropped without prejudice to
the cooperation between the scholars of the two countries 

in a somewhat different vein  mention should be made of the monthly
magazine  poland   this was started in      by the polish legation in
washington at the suggestion of the baldwin locomotive works which had
taken a prominent part in the rehabilitation of the polish railroads
after world war i  the baldwin company furnished the permanent staff  an
editor  paul le tallec  a young frenchman  and eric lord as business
manager  the journal received a subsidy from the legation  it was
started purely as a trade journal  but le tallec had other views  under
clarence dawson  who succeeded paul le tallec as editor  it rapidly
developed into a general magazine covering all aspects of polish life 
art and literature  as well as economics and business  the journal
proved successful for over ten years but when dawson resigned as editor 
it began to fail  the magazine changed its character considerably and
finally  in the early thirties  was allowed to lapse 

it was during this same decade that energetic work was done in building
the libraries of various institutions  even before the russian
revolution  the library of congress had acquired a large  uncatalogued
collection of russian books and the new york public library developed a
very large and extensive russian department  there were large russian
collections at both harvard and yale  at columbia  the russian
collections prior to      were negligible  while at the university of
california  professor noyes had specialized largely in translations of
russian literature  most of the institutions took advantage of the large
number of russian books that were thrown upon the market after the
soviet revolution and purchased whole libraries from emigres and other
sources 

the columbia collections were increased by the gift of a large library
on russian literature  collected for many years by dr  samuel abel  a
graduate of the college of physicians and surgeons  it numbered several
thousand volumes  the establishment of the hoover war library at
stanford university brought to that institution a vast amount of
material  especially concerning slavic countries  that had been
collected by american relief workers  under the direction of herbert
hoover 

we must also mention the work that developed at georgetown university
under the direction of father edmund walsh who had served in russia
after the revolution  work was done in the various schools but
especially in the school for foreign service of which father walsh was
the founder  georgetown s example was seconded by the continual
improvement in the standards of other institutions such as that of the
czech benedictines at lisle  illinois  and further  by the
establishment  in       of such institutions as st  basil s college in
stamford  connecticut  by the ukrainian greek catholic exarchate of
philadelphia 

there was also a large number of slavic books and translations from
slavic in the public library in cleveland  ohio  where mrs  eleanor
ledbetter had worked long and hard with the slavic groups in that city 
thus  by the outbreak of world war ii  there were in the united states a
considerable number of libraries that were fairly adequate in nearly all
the centers where slavic subjects were treated with the importance that
they deserved 

in      work in russian literature in english was also started at the
university of washington  in seattle  by ivar spector  in       a course
in russian history was added  in addition to these courses  professor
spector did considerable lecturing before various groups interested in
russian affairs  the interest in seattle is especially noticeable
because of the possible contacts with siberia across the pacific ocean 
whatever contact is had with the soviet union comes almost inevitably
through the seacoast cities on the pacific ocean  the same motives have
led to a strengthening of russian work in the other california
universities  the university of california at los angeles and the
university of southern california 

strange to say  the recognition of the soviet union in      by the
united states did not produce a marked increase in interest in russian
slavic affairs  student interest flagged and it was soon evident that
the need for russian in the business world would not at all parallel the
situation which a few years earlier had sparked the great development in
spanish studies 

the years of the depression  in many ways  produced another period of
marking time in slavic studies  for the most part efforts of the slavic
groups to introduce their languages into the american educational system
were retarded  while available finances were restricted to relief
purposes  in other cases  as among the czechs  the hardships were
complicated by the death of such leaders as reverend vincent pisek and
professor michael pupin who had been active in stimulating cooperation
between the immigrant communities and the american educational system 
their deaths at a critical period disrupted much of the work  further 
the      failure of the bank of europe trust company in new york under
conditions which almost completely reimbursed the depositors 
nonetheless lessened the effectiveness of thomas capek  a leader in the
work  similar disasters in other slavic groups had similar nation wide
effects and except for an effort to interest the czech population in the
chicago area to establish courses at the university of illinois  the
period was destitute of that type of energetic development which  on the
eve of the depression  promised to bear such rich fruits 

in a lighter vein came the establishment of courses in russian under the
nra  it had been hoped by some that it might be possible to give relief
to at least some of the unemployed russians by the establishment of free
courses in the language  the attempt was almost completely a failure 
the students lacked any serious desire to learn the language and the
instructors were no more anxious to teach it  one very well educated
russian actually prepared a set of charts on russian grammar which
purported to show that there were no exceptions to any syntactical rule
in russian and he blandly presented to his class word forms that he knew
never existed even in the speech of the most illiterate  when he was
reprimanded  he calmly told the nra supervisors that he knew that none
of his students intended to learn russian  he wanted his money  and so
there was no reason to worry about what  or how he taught 

in       a new development emerged which was to prove exceedingly
fruitful in later years  largely under the influence of professors cross
and patrick  a small sum of money was secured to establish an intensive
summer course in russian for about    students  the course was held at
harvard university the first year and was directly under the control of
professor patrick who had come from the university of california to
conduct it with the aid of some assistants  the experiment was
successful  in       joint sessions were held at columbia university and
were to a certain degree independent of the regular summer school
courses  professor patrick was assisted by mrs  mogilat of columbia and
dr  jack a  posin of the university of california  after       the
course was held at the university of california  largely because of the
increasing illness of professor patrick 

the session at columbia was attended by two regular officers of the
united states army  major frank l  hayne and lieutenant  later brigadier
general  joseph a  michela  their attendance was made possible by the
efforts of colonel burnett  officer in charge of the military attache
service  who  having served several terms as united states military
attache in japan  insisted that officers assigned to such posts as
moscow and tokyo have a speaking and reading knowledge of the local
language  this had been the case of colonel philip faymonville  the
first army man to be sent to moscow after the restoration of diplomatic
relations between the soviet union and the united states  in a sense  it
was almost the beginning of serious language work by the united states
armed services  both hayne and michela later were military attaches in
moscow  although hayne was transferred to finland during the
soviet finnish war  michela remained in moscow during the greater part
of the war and participated in the removal of the capital to kuybyshev
when the germans approached moscow in the summer of       at columbia 
these officers had special courses during a two year period  in the
second year they were joined by captain ivan yeaton  who had previously
served during world war i in the siberian expedition under general
graves  other officers were later added to the group but as world war ii
approached  the entire project was transferred to harvard university 

the thirties also witnessed the beginning of a systematic interest in
russian studies by the american council of learned societies  this group
had previously considered the need for developing studies in specialized
fields and had approached foundations to secure money for limited
projects  it had been successful in fostering work in chinese and in
completing at least a preliminary survey of american resources in the
field  it then turned its attention to russian and established a
committee to study the general status of russian studies  professor
cross was secretary of this important committee for several years 
through the activities of the american council  coordination of work by
the various universities and colleges  was accomplished  this was but
the beginning of a process which was to be greatly intensified during
the war 

in the thirties  the university of wisconsin began to offer courses in
polish  elaborately planned  professor joseph birkenmeyer from the
university of krakow was invited to direct the work  unfortunately  he
returned to poland just on the eve of world war ii  but the work was
continued successfully      the department at wisconsin was established
primarily through the influence of the polish population of the state 

when we consider the state of affairs as a whole on the eve of world war
ii it is apparent that no important university or college had
established an adequate course in slavic languages and literatures other
than those which had done so by the end of world war i  this does not
mean that the period between the wars was lost  the departments at all
the major centers were better equipped than they had been twenty years
before  they had larger libraries  better trained instructors and what
is more  they were attracting more serious students  further  there
were  in the united states  a considerable number of men who had had
personal experience and acquaintance with the slavic and adjacent
countries  there were real experts in almost every field of slavic
studies and there had been a large output of books on the languages 
literatures and histories of the slavic nations 

of course  russian predominated  yet it is noteworthy that during the
twenties and thirties when american institutions were overrun with
would be communists  the slavic departments  which might have seemed the
most vulnerable  somehow escaped with the least amount of trouble  they
had not taken sides in the fervent polemics of the period that were
carried on with more heat than light  and while there were a number of
men who had studied or visited the soviet union  few  if any  had become
seriously infected with communism 

they had  however  continued to repeat the old traditional formulas set
out by russian scholarship before the revolution  arbitrarily neglecting
all aspects of the nationality problem in the soviets  treating russia
as a single unified country  without regard for the mixed elements of
her population or the soviet division of the republics by an official
policy of differentiation between the peoples 

the most unsatisfactory aspect of the period concerned the non russian
slavic tongues and histories  this was unfortunate  for it tended to
give instruction in the major centers a russian  if not soviet 
orientation  a fact which would cause repercussions in the following
period 

among the slavic communities  some leaders were beginning to understand
better the peculiar problems of the american educational system  and
though they had not yet come to cooperate actively  they were rapidly
becoming aware that there was serious work being done  their own
institutions were improving  they were securing more american trained
teachers  even if they were members of the groups  and many second
generation slavs were rising to prominence 

thus  the period represented a marked deepening  rather than an
expansion  of efforts  slavic languages and history were no longer
considered merely artificial and exotic  the way was cleared for a
period of rapid expansion 




                               chapter  
                       slavic studies since     


in the period of tension which followed the munich agreement of      
the opening of world war ii  and the period of nazi soviet cooperation 
slavic studies in the united states  as well as the studies of the
neighboring east european countries began to receive more serious
consideration  a period of more active interest began  because
developments during world war ii have continued since the ending of
hostilities  it is difficult to draw a hard and fast line between the
war and post war period  largely because of the cold war and the
establishment of the iron curtain or  better yet  the recognition that
there were tremendous gaps between the thinking of the western free
world and the soviet dominated areas 

on the surface  the reactions in      differed little from those in
      this is well illustrated by the fact that at the annual opening
exercises of columbia university in       president nicholas murray
butler repeated large extracts from his talk of      on a similar
occasion  yet  the attention of the american public was more sharply
focused on events in eastern europe than it had been in      and the
colleges and universities during the preceding twenty five years had
provided a larger nucleus of trained men  the events of the first months
showed  however  that far too many of these trained men were still bound
to the thinking of the past and were not prepared to take into account
recent developments on a global  and even on an east european  scale 
such short sightedness prevented adequate consideration of the situation
as it unfolded day by day 

the old myth that russia was a single country inhabited by a single
people  with boundaries defined long ago  proved remarkably vital 
president wilson s formulation of a russian policy in       recognizing
the need of the russian people to choose their own form of government 
was still accepted and even the colleges and universities paid little
attention to the structure of the soviet union as it saw itself  the
american people and their government continued to use the word russian
as a synonym for soviet union and were puzzled  as they had been in
      by the movements that arose in the territory  as in       finland
stood out as a distinct nationality  but the popular reaction to the
annexation of the baltic republics was marked as much by confusion as by
indignation  supposed  experts  even found grim relief in the fact that
after      the borders of germany and  russia  were touching and this
seemed to confirm the validity of the pre      frontiers 

thus the crisis tended to emphasize again the importance of russian
history and the russian language  in a sense this was justified  the
force of events had made the russian language predominant in eastern
europe and the leaders of the ussr were almost exclusively russian 
except the georgian stalin  who regularly espoused the great russian
cause for foreign consumption  all tendencies to stress the opponents of
moscow and their cultures ended abruptly with the nazi attack on the
soviet union and continued in the following period of soviet democratic
cooperation  such emphasis on the russian character of the ussr was
furthered by many of the russian emigres  who at the height of the war 
were only too ready  whatever their political convictions  to serve the
cause of mother russia  a policy which was fostered by stalin s clever
use of russian slogans 

many british and american authorities zealously compared the german
attack on the soviets in      to the german advance in      after the
soviet revolution  a bitter propaganda attack was started  both inside
and outside the universities  against all national groups from the old
russian empire having separatist aspirations  the old equation that all
who were not pro communist were pro nazi was repeated  especially after
      the ukrainians received the worst criticism but they were not
alone  even though the united states government refused to recognize the
seizure of the baltic states  president roosevelt acceded to the demands
of stalin and allowed him to sign the atlantic charter  they did not
grant this to the representatives of the occupied countries  lest they
break the friendship with that great anti nazi power  russia   under
such conditions  lectures arranged by professor manning at columbia
university in the spring of       with the aid of the ukrainian national
association and a number of distinguished professors of eastern europe 
evoked severe criticism from many anti nazi radio commentators who
followed the whims of popular sentiment 

the chief counterweight to this tendency was the arrival in the united
states of many distinguished scholars who had escaped the holocaust of
nazi rule and the direct impact of soviet power on slavic scholarship 

the circumstances of the peaceful occupation of prague in the spring of
     made it difficult  if not impossible  for many czech professors to
leave  the chief exceptions were professor otokar odlozilik and
professor roman jakobson who were outside the country when the storm
struck 

the poles were more fortunate  for during the crucial weeks of the
destruction of poland  many of their leading scholars had been able to
escape north into lithuania or south into romania  from which countries
they made their way to the west  when they arrived in the united states 
the polish organizations  working with the polish legation in
washington  found funds to allow them to continue their scientific work 
to furnish a center for them and keep them from being lost in american
life  an american branch of the polish academy of arts and sciences in
krakow was formed under the distinguished historian  professor oskar
halecki  this was later reorganized as the polish institute of arts and
sciences in the united states  during the war years  it received
sufficient funds to publish a quarterly journal  the  bulletin of the
polish institute of arts and sciences in america   and to issue several
scholarly works on polish subjects  still later  when the germans pushed
westward  other polish scholars  such as professor waclaw lednicki and
professor manfred kridl  succeeded in reaching the united states  most
of these men have since found places in the american scientific world 

few distinguished russian scholars arrived at this time and there was
only one ukrainian  professor nicholas chubaty  who almost by accident 
arrived in the united states for a meeting of  pax romana   an
international organization for social action under the auspices of the
catholic church  and remained here after the outbreak of hostilities 
the southern slavs and bulgarians fared even less well 

war produced  at first  relatively little effect upon slavic studies as
a whole or russian in particular  it was not until      that there came
any appreciable increase in the number of students  yet the general
reaction of the public differed from that of       despite the growth of
anti nazi and even anti german feeling  there was no attempt to exclude
german from the curricula of any important institution  there was no
decline of students  but rather an increase  the same was true of
russian  and long before       the governing bodies of institutions
without slavic departments began to think of introducing them  we can
only mention certain instances of this development     

professor alfred senn  a swiss philologist from the university of
kaunas  who held several positions in other institutions  became
professor of german philology at the university of pennsylvania in      
during world war ii  he offered courses in russian  and in      became
professor of balto slavic philology and head of the department of
balto slavic studies  as such  he was able to group around him a number
of refugee scholars 

in       cornell university invited dr  jack posin to teach russian and
in      named ernest j  simmons assistant professor of english and
russian  in      simmons was named chairman of a newly established
department of russian  and  in       was promoted to a full
professorship  dr  posin  meanwhile had transferred to the university of
iowa  in       as assistant professor of russian 

at syracuse university  professor albert menut of the department of
romance languages  a student of russian  was able to develop courses in
russian and to inaugurate a russian program 

the extent of slavic development during this period is revealed in a
survey conducted by professor arthur p  coleman in       which showed
eighty one institutions offering courses in russian and eleven in
polish  at the same time  there were     schools and colleges offering
courses in slavic history and culture  the increased interest in history
seems all to the good  but it can be noted that well over fifty
institutions offering work on russian and slavic subjects lacked
collateral courses in the languages  this  however  was a far smaller
proportion than existed in       furthermore  it was not a peculiarity
of the united states  for as late as      in germany there were
professors of east european history who looked askance at students
wasting their time on linguistic studies  for they preferred to have
them work from translations 

to secure a staff for the american expansion  particularly in russian 
offered many difficulties  there had been almost no immigration of
russians for many years and the bulk of the possible instructors were
persons who had come to the united states shortly after world war i 
these were the only ones with any special training  for during the
period between the wars  few young russians from educated families had
seriously considered doing advanced work in russian  even though there
were many with knowledge of the educational system  an outstanding
exception was oleg maslenikov who  at this time  joined the staff of the
university of california 

the chief emphasis  in this period of expansion  was on a speaking
knowledge of the language  wherever it was possible  instruction was
begun under the supervision of some member of the faculty with a
knowledge of russian  while much of the actual work was done by native
assistants  this combination  originally applied to russian by professor
patrick  became the general rule and was successful where it was
intelligently used 

unlike the situation in world war i  the united states government
actively encouraged these studies and assigned draftees as well as
volunteers to special units for the study of languages  and special
language schools were established for the armed services throughout the
country  this created still another problem  wartime conscription
reduced the number of students alarmingly causing nearly all colleges
and universities to become dependent upon government funds for their
continued functioning  the larger institutions  with their highly
developed laboratories and opportunities for scientific training 
received most of the students to be trained in technical subjects  the
government  therefore  often opened language centers in smaller
institutions  many of which lacked necessary libraries and  in some
localities  secured a proper staff of instructors only with difficulty 
thus  bulgarian was assigned to the university of denver  which was
fortunate to find in that city an educated bulgarian lady  she agreed to
help  although she had never seriously considered teaching bulgarian 
and was compelled to prepare most of her materials from original
bulgarian texts which she owned 

with the reduction of the armed forces after the war  many of these
courses were suspended  although both the navy and air force still send
selected students to various universities  the army  however  has
established its own language school at the presidio of monterey  with a
well selected civilian faculty  many of them former members of
university staffs  this is rapidly becoming one of the best institutions
of its kind for the study of the slavic as well as other languages  it
is preparing  for its own use  its own courses and it promises to become
an important testing ground for slavic and east european studies  in
addition to this  russian has been introduced into the curriculum of
such service academies as west point  where the work which was
tentatively started after world war i is now on a definite and secure
basis 

this period  too  saw the beginning of the organization of the so called
area studies  in these  the history  geography and economics of the
given area are stressed  such efforts represent an attempt to overcome
the gaps which have developed between historical  literary and cultural
studies through the departmentalizing of institutions  but as they have
developed  historical and economic elements have been stressed more than
cultural and literary  this was perhaps natural  however  during the
war  at the height of the enthusiasm for the ussr  studies of this kind
tended to accent the soviet version of the relations between the
nationalities of the soviet union  and the old russian concept of a
single russian people  there was thus  a perpetuation of the previous
confusion in american thinking  and  it was not overcome even when the
ukrainian and the byelorussian soviet socialist republics were included
as charter members in the united nations 

the greatest single deterrent to slavic study was the almost
simultaneous death of nearly all the older leaders of slavic
scholarship  to list but a few of the more prominent  professor john
dyneley prince  who had retired from columbia in       died in      at
the age of     professor alexander kaun  of the university of
california  died at the age of    in       professor george z  patrick 
of the same institution  died at the age of    in       professor henry
lanz  of stanford  died in      at the age of     professor samuel
hazzard cross  of harvard  died in      at the age of         thus 
within three years practically all the older men in the field of slavic
literature died except professor george rapall noyes and professor
manning  the losses in history were not so severe but professor samuel
n  harper  of the university of chicago  died in      at the age of    
as a result professor robert j  kerner  for many years at the university
of california  was the only person remaining in the field of history who
had become prominent before       this  in a sense  sharply delineates
the earlier period of slavic studies  today the leaders of slavic
scholarship belong definitely to a different generation  one which is
certainly better trained but does not necessarily have the range of
interests which often marked the older men 

another  somewhat different  development needs to be noted  during the
first years of the war  when england was severely strained by the war
and the bombing of her cities  it seemed that the  slavonic and east
european review  would be compelled to suspend publication  to meet the
crisis it was decided that the journal would continue under the
direction of the american contributing editors  thus  until his untimely
death  professor cross was the practical editor of the magazine 
assisted by professor leonid i  strakhovsky  issues appeared with both
an american and british volume number  after the war when the british
expressed a desire to resume publication  the american editors expanded
their numbers and  with the aid of the joint committee on slavic
studies  established the american association for the advancement of
slavic studies to publish  the american slavic and east european
review   the present committee of scholars in charge of the publication
is professor abram bergson of harvard  professor george b  cressey of
syracuse  professor h  h  fisher of stanford  professor alexander
gerschenkron of harvard  professor oskar halecki of fordham university 
professor roman jakobson of harvard  professor michael karpovich of
harvard  professor robert j  kerner of california  professor w  lednicki
of california  professor philip mosely of the council for foreign
relations  professor geroid robinson of columbia  professor alfred senn
of the university of pennsylvania  professor ernest j  simmons of
columbia  professor s  h  thomson of the university of colorado 
professor george vernadsky of yale  and professor francis j  whitfield
of the university of california  nothing better illustrates the way in
which slavic studies has developed than this list  for the overwhelming
majority of these scholars represent those institutions where
departments had existed before world war i 

 the american slavic and east european review  is the leading
publication in the united states for slavic studies  however  other
journals  such as the  publication of the modern language association  
 speculum   the  journal of central european history   edited by
professor s  h  thomson  and the  journal of east european history 
 edited by the university of chicago   also contain specialized
articles  as a matter of fact  there are very few of the more
specialized journals which during the past years have not included
articles on some aspect of the east european historical and cultural
world 

there are also several quarterlies published in the united states which
deal with east europe  among these are   the russian review   edited by
professor d  von mohrenschildt of dartmouth college  originally founded
with the aid of the russian student fund  the  ukrainian quarterly  
edited by professor nicholas chubaty for the ukrainian congress
committee of america  and  the  polish review   published by the polish
institute of arts and sciences in america  we may also place here the
 armenian review   edited by mr  reuben darbinian for the hairenik
association  boston  mass    these are scholarly journals devoted to the
language  culture and history of the people for whom they are compiled 
which cannot be overlooked in any survey of the intellectual output for
east european subjects  there are also many smaller organs and bulletins
of societies  often with world wide connection  which serve a more
specialized political program  they are important for their frequent
opposition to the accepted viewpoint of history and culture  but are
essentially more political than scholarly in its content  as has been
stressed again and again  slavic studies have developed so largely under
the influence of the imperial russian and german traditions that truth
has often seemed to be merely what was decided in pre world war i st 
petersburg and berlin 

the slavic group of the modern language association of america is still
the leading scientific center for philologists and students of
literature in the broadest sense of the word  it holds a yearly meeting 
concurrent with the modern language association  and is divided into two
parts  literary and philological  it offers the best possibilities for
the developing of personal contacts among more serious students  in time
it should become a section parallel to that of the english  romance and
germanic sections but the day when there are sufficient members is still
in the future 

for many years there was no special section in the american historical
association and its allied societies  devoted to the study of slavic or
east european history  this did not mean that the subject was ignored 
for numerous papers were included in the regular program and  many times
there were entire meetings devoted to slavic problems  however  in     
a special conference on slavic and east european studies was formed to
provide continuity and concentration in the subject  this activity will
undoubtedly expand in future years 

another organization serving slavic scholars is the american association
of teachers of slavic and east european languages  formed by professor
arthur p  coleman  formerly of columbia university and now president of
alliance college  founded in      to parallel such groups as the
american association of teachers of german  this organization exists to
bring together teachers of the subject  rather than to promote research 
the association is divided both by languages and by localities  it has
appealed to many emigre scholars  and this has led it to a more definite
anti communist position than many other groups  which have often leaned
over backward to appear impartial and unprejudiced  it has now
established the  slavic and east european journal  

the ranks of emigre scholars  which had started to grow with the arrival
of many poles in       were augmented after      by the arrival of many
displaced persons  these men  for the most part ukrainians and often of
considerable intellectual stature  found themselves in an unenviable
position chiefly because of their inability to speak english  the
majority were already mature or even elderly  they had escaped the
holocaust caused by that interpretation of the yalta agreements which
had led to the forcible return of many refugees to the soviet union 
however  they were aided by their own ability to make the most of
opportunities given them by the freakish events of the last months of
the war in europe  in and out of the dp camps  they had created their
own scholarly groups in germany and austria  thus  the ukrainian free
university which had been established first in vienna and then moved to
prague after world war i  was now reopened in munich  an unrra
university was started in the same city  a less formal baltic university
was established in hamburg in the british zone  at one time there were
plans to transfer this latter institution to canada  but the plan
miscarried  however  many of the leading professors of these
institutions have come to the united states and canada and are being
absorbed into the american educational world  in the beginning  many of
these men were compelled to take non intellectual positions  others
found places in institutions  usually catholic  of either the western or
eastern rites  educating their compatriots  at schools such as alliance
college  and the ukrainian catholic st  basil s college in stamford 
connecticut     

in addition to these institutions  the displaced persons opened many
more elementary schools on all educational levels to train their fellow
countrymen whose education had been interrupted by the war and the
limitations imposed on general education  both by the soviets and the
nazis 

by a series of fortunate coincidences  the majority of the
administration of the old shevchenko scientific society in lviv  and a
large part of its membership were saved in the dp camps  there  this
society  which had been suppressed by the soviets in      after their
occupation of lviv  was again revived under the same officers in munich 
the center was later moved to sarcelles near paris  many of its members
have come to the united states  and while the headquarters are still in
sarcelles  american and canadian branches have been established in new
york and toronto and are working actively  publishing the results of
their studies in both ukrainian and english 

at about the same time  other ukrainians in the camps  perhaps more
often from eastern ukraine  formed the ukrainian free academy of
sciences  its members have also come  in numbers  to america and are
functioning in new york and winnipeg  they publish the quarterly
 annals  in english  greatly aided by the east european fund set up by
the ford foundation 

these two groups  which parallel the polish institute of arts and
sciences in america  have counterparts in the francis skorina society
 kryvian   and the white ruthenian institute of arts and sciences in the
u s   the croatian academy of liberal arts and sciences  and the serb
national university in chicago  the masaryk institute  formed by a group
of americans and czechs before the nazi occupation of czechoslovakia  is
in a sense similar but it has also the features of the kosciuszko
foundation  it is too early to know what position these societies will
take in slavic programs of the future  but their outstanding individuals
are securing recognition in american colleges and universities  whether
they will ultimately form a branch of this general educational field or
whether they will develop into more highly specialized groups drawing
upon interested americans of non slavic origin  cannot now be answered
with certainty  some of them are undoubtedly ephemeral but some have had
a long cultural tradition and can be expected  in their new environment 
to exercise an influence out of proportion to their numbers 

many of the newly arrived scholars are already playing an important role
in the development of slavic studies and in the reorganization of some
of the older departments  it would take too long to list all who have
found important posts  professor oskar halecki is developing the study
of polish history at fordham university  professor roman smal stocki at
marquette university has taken a prominent part in the formation of a
slavic institute there  by such publications as  the nationality problem
of the soviet union   he is helping acquaint the american public with
the dangers of open  as well as secret  communism in the united states 
besides exposing the inaccuracy of the american concept that all
citizens of the former russian empire are russians by blood  feeling and
culture  there is  in addition  the work of professor george shevelov in
comparative philology at columbia university  and that of professor
dmytro chyzhevsky at harvard  which emphasizes the older ukrainian
literature 

the rise of recently arrived slavic scholars and the influence of
transplanted organizations of slavic scholarship was earnestly needed by
american slavic scholarship and  in fact was forced by the surprising
number of deaths during the war period  development in the different
institutions has been conditioned  of course  by the general traditions
and spirit of each school  while growth has been rapid  it cannot be
said that all results have been unqualifiedly happy or successful 
partly because of the sporadic interest by both faculty and students in
the field as a whole  slavic subjects  not to speak of the closely
associated non slavic languages like the ural altaic groups  modern
greek and romanian  all of which have strong slavic overtones  are
extremely broad and diverse  yet for the average american student 
slavic and russian are too exclusively identified  even interest in
russian has been chiefly limited to either pure philology or  more
frequently  russian literature of the nineteenth or twentieth centuries 

as an example  consider columbia university s efforts to secure a
balanced course  when professor ernest j  simmons joined the staff  in
      as professor of russian literature and chairman of the department
of slavic languages  as it was now renamed  he hoped to build a broad
program  the department was informally divided into four sections 
slavic and russian philology  czech and slovak  polish  and south
slavic  to help defray expenses  the university  reversing the policy
formulated by president butler after the unpleasant developments of the
world war i period  sought from the lesser slavic lands  a yearly
subsidy to pay the salary of a distinguished professor  this was easily
secured from both poland and czechoslovakia and professor roman jakobson
was appointed the thomas g  masaryk professor of slavic philology  and
professor manfred kridl was named the adam mickiewicz professor of
polish  arrangements were made without considering developments which
might be caused by the communists  and similar agreements were made with
many countries of the near and middle east  the experiment was hardly
satisfactory  after the communist coup in czechoslovakia  the new regime
imposed such conditions that maintenance of the chair was impossible 
poland more slowly followed the same course  despite other arrangements
with less possible political interference  made by the university  the
number of students in the czech  slovak  polish and south slavic
sections of the department has been scarcely larger than it was between
the wars  there was no attempt  at columbia  to break the traditional
separation between the faculties of philosophy and political science  or
establish a single department for all slavic  or even all russian 
instruction  russian history  under professor geroid robinson  continued
to develop as it had  just as other areas of study continued under the
faculty of political science 

development at harvard was somewhat different  there  after the interim
period following the death of professor cross  professor roman jakobson
came to cambridge in       with a number of experts in slavic fields  at
about the same time  work in all slavic subjects was  at least
partially  consolidated and professor karpovich was named to the curt
hugo reisinger chair of slavic languages and literatures  in addition to
his work in history 

at the university of california development was severely affected by the
death of professors patrick and kaun  until the staff was rebuilt by the
appointment of professor gleb struve and waclaw lednicki  and the
promotion of professor oleg maslenikov      there was no attempt to
integrate the work in history under professor robert j  kerner  although
the department broadened with an increase of students 

in the same period  slavic studies at catholic universities  especially
those administered by the society of jesus  have been greatly
strengthened  while georgetown university  alone  achieved standing in
language instruction following world war i  the situation has changed
since world war ii and fordham  notre dame  and marquette are all
setting new standards in the range of courses offered and in the
thoroughness of their work  these institutions have also contributed by
studying the contrasts and similarities between the russian empire and
the soviet union  with emphasis on the nationality problem of
russia ussr  numerous conferences have been held and addresses have been
published 

marquette university  located in milwaukee  wisconsin  where there is a
considerable population of slavic descent  has established a slavic
institute under the direction of professor roman smal stocki  in the
announcement of its first publication   the doctrine of anarchism of
michael a  bakunin   the institute stated its goal 

      to strengthen the knowledge of slavic matters and problems in
  america through this special series of monographs on slavic nations 
  their history  culture  civilization and their great personalities 
  simultaneously we would like to cultivate through original research 
  the slavic heritage of more than twelve million of america s
  citizens  according to our anniversary motto  we dedicate the series
  to the  pursuit of truth to make men free  and in this spirit we
  shall approach all slavic nations  large and small  with a deep
  sense of their fundamental equality  disregarding all slavic
  imperialisms and colonialisms  and with a warm respect for their
  fine heritage  which has become a component part of our american
  culture and civilization 

scholarly purposes of this sort  which respect the culture of the slavic
peoples apart from political dominations  and the avowal to study
changes of slavic culture in the new world  bid fair to mark a new era
for such studies 

leading american colleges as a whole have introduced russian into their
curricula  most courses are taught by men trained while in american
government service during world war ii  who have continued their
preparation in graduate programs at one of the longer established slavic
departments     

much of the recent development in slavic scholarship must be credited to
the work of the joint committee on slavic studies  started before world
war ii by the american council of learned societies  a committee was
established in the slavic area  based on the prototype which existed to
aid the reorganization and development of studies in chinese  later the
social science research council established a committee for the
development of slavic studies in the social sciences  the committees of
these organizations combined to form the joint committee  which was able
to secure large subsidies from foundations for the development of
courses  faculty salaries and scholarship grants 

the initiative of this committee  working with influential and alert
university officials  has aided the expansion of wartime area studies
into institutes  organized programs and centers of research and
training  this approach to academic organization is  in a sense 
borrowed from european university organization which used institutes 
such as the slavic institute in prague  as a means of coordinating the
activities of previously isolated chairs  in the united states  where
the organization of courses led to the establishment of cohesive
departments  the institutes became a means of coordinating departments
which were in different faculties  sometimes in isolation and even
competition  especially in courses on national cultures which almost of
necessity impinge on history 

in addition  the institutes had a more practical side  for along with
the development of pure research  they aspired to supply trained men and
women for special technical work in both government and civilian
enterprises  we can scarcely summarize this activity better than by
quoting the purposes of the russian institute as reported in the
announcement of the faculty of philosophy of columbia university  for
      p       

  the russian institute  established in      with the assistance of
  the rockefeller foundation  has two major objectives  the
  development of  research  in the social sciences and the humanities 
  as they relate to russia  and the training of a limited number of
  well qualified americans for scholarly or professional careers  as
  russian soviet specialists in business  in finance  in journalism 
  in various branches of government service  and in academic research
  and teaching in the social sciences and in literature  it is
  believed that such prospective specialists should acquire  a  a
  broad and thoroughly integrated knowledge of russia and the soviet
  union   b  command of a well developed specialty in a selected
  academic discipline  as applied to that country  and  c  a broad
  training in the more general aspects of this selected discipline  to
  this end  each candidate for the two year certificate will pursue
  certain survey courses on russia  while giving special emphasis 
  within the institute  to one of five fields  russian history 
  economy  government and law  foreign relations  the social and
  ideological aspects of literature  at the same time  the candidate
  will be expected to follow outside the institute  a parallel program
  of work in the graduate school or department of the university that
  is most closely allied with his russian specialty within the
  institute 

all of these institutes  wherever they have been founded and whether
they are institutes  studies or programs have been faced with the same
fundamental dilemma  how is the term  russia  to be defined  a certain
number of scholars  who have been labeled by professor lev dobriansky of
georgetown university as the  russia firsters   have stubbornly insisted
that it was their duty to devote themselves to the study of russia in
the traditional sense of the word  i e  the consideration of russian
culture  history and economics without regard to the linguistically and
culturally heterogeneous character of the old russian empire  to
students of this school  every person within the old russian empire is a
russian  whether their studies concern economics or concentration camps 
they refuse to separate the statistics in any way that might show
increased pressure on the non russian peoples by the soviet government 
they feel themselves free to do this  even though stalin himself after
world war ii specifically attributed the victory of the soviet union to
the loyalty of the great russians  i e  russians in the narrower sense
of the word 

this attitude  despite the prominence of its supporters  has been
steadily opposed by those students who stress the cultural and
linguistic differences which existed in the old russian empire as well
as in the modern soviet union  these students emphasize the similarities
between the russian and soviet concepts of dominance of the great
russians  and argue for a proper recognition of the oppressed nations of
the ussr who sought their independence during the revolution and have
since been restrained by force of arms to adopt communism  they
accordingly see in the restoration of the political independence of
these nations the best answer to the communist menace to freedom  this
viewpoint has been expressed by professor roman smal stocki  and by
james burnham  formerly of the department of philosophy of new york
university  who in all his writings has stressed the need to eliminate
the new russian communism 

a further requirement of this in a historical survey is expressed by a
russian in speaking of the failure of the anti communist movements
during the civil wars 

  those who were adverse to the new  communist  regime could thus be
  divided into two very different groups  one comprising the
  property owning classes  who had been deprived of their all by the
  bolsheviks   the officers  the civil servants and all those devoted
  to the ideals of the russian state as constituted before the october
  revolution  the other  the national separatist groups  which desired
  complete separation from russia  it is easy to see that  no matter
  how antagonistic these two groups might be to communism  their aims
  were absolutely dissociated  the unity of the russian state could
  only be reestablished in one of two ways  either by a restoration of
  the monarchy or by federation  neither alternative appealed to the
  anti bolshevik groups  and this circumstance explains the absence of
  cooperation in the civil war which broke out in many parts of the
  country in       it must be noted also  that the majority of the
  population  the peasantry  stood entirely aloof from the activities
  of both groups  and remained during the initial stages of the civil
  war absolutely neutral     

with the practical elimination of the monarchist influences  the line is
still drawn with the greatest bitterness between the so called russian
democratic elements who insist upon the unity of russia and the
representatives of the non russian peoples  especially the ukrainians 
baltic  caucasian and turkestanian nations  during the first post war
years this latter tendency was little regarded in the american
universities and even now is less well represented than it should be 
but recent years have seen the publication of several studies such as
john reshetars s  ukrainian revolution  and john a  armstrong s
 ukrainian nationalism              

the same division can be seen in the distribution of aid  in the early
years  of the work of the east european fund  inc   which was created by
the ford foundation and has done much valuable work  in its later years
it has given more money to aid in the preparation and publication of
works by ukrainian  byelorussian and other scholars and is publishing a
series of ukrainian texts  either original works or books suppressed by
the soviet government  but all of these publishing activities fall far
short of the work of the chekhov publishing house which has issued over
    russian books and received for this  grants  up to       totaling
            however  on the average  as shown by the fund s report for
      the grants to the several ukrainian and byelorussian
 whiteruthenian  scholarly and relief institutions have never been more
than a third  at most  of that contributed for similar russian purposes 
in spite of its stated position of refraining from  favoring or
supporting any single russian political grouping   the report shows how
the fund has tended however to see more value in the russian projects
than in the ukrainian and byelorussian  whiteruthenian      

gradual changes of attitude can also be noted in the american supported
publications of the institute for the study of the ussr in munich  which
is intended as a means for assistance to refugee scholars from the ussr 
and in the various american radio and other organizations intended to
aid in the fight against communism  such as the american committee for
liberation from bolshevism  it is to be noted also in the policy of
george kennan  formerly of the state department and now connected with
the institute for advanced study in princeton  new jersey  who is
considered an outstanding american authority on the ussr  his entire
policy of  containment  has long been based on the same idea of russian
unity as expressed by his uncle  george kennan  see chapter iii  

to supplement these and similar tendencies in the study of the satellite
states menaced by communism  there has been established in new york
another series of organizations to secure american help  to furnish
scholarly opportunities for displaced scholars from the countries
liberated after world war i and to assist in training new students  this
is the mid european studies center  its counterparts in europe are radio
free europe and in the university field in the united states  the
mid european studies program at columbia university  this is more or
less on the pattern of the russian institute and it is but one example
of the efforts that are being made to develop interest in the culture of
the satellite states  which  save for the efforts of their compatriots
in the united states  have been largely neglected 

a point often raised regarding studies in this area is the limitation
placed upon them by the american distrust of communism which has
expressed itself in many congressional investigations as well as the
public and private attempts to root out from the various important
fields open or secret communists or fellow travellers  this point is
raised by professor james f  clarke of the university of indiana     

  in more recent times a similar blind emotional reaction to communism
  as well as partisan evaluations of the soviet union have constituted
  a threat to the free and rational expansion of east european
  studies  today  college students  teachers  and administrators
  interested in the area dominated by communism  while they may not
  yield to anti communist hysterics  must at the same time heed its
  potential effect on parents  taxpayers  legislators  trustees and
  employers 

it is the opinion of the present writer that such arguments serve merely
to cover the failure of the scholars to interpret the complications of
the soviet mode of thought to an american audience  the aesopian
language in which so much of the current communist propaganda is
couched  both for home and foreign consumption  and the belief that
truth is what is best at the moment for the communist party  have laid a
responsibility upon students of eastern europe  a burden not borne by
the more established subjects where the sources are less subject to
deliberate falsification  in addition to this  certain men who followed 
during world war ii  the tendency to gloss over the cruelties of the
soviet union on behalf of mutual understanding and a misinterpreted
liberalism now find it difficult to disavow some of their most
tendentious writings  this by no means implies that they are either
communists or fellow travellers but they deliberately closed their eyes
to unpleasant situations  and now shrink from admitting the full truth 

as we have noted above  few  if any  of the outstanding scholars of
slavic have accepted communist ideas  the burden of communist
infiltration in the past  and in the present  has been in departments
and subjects that might be considered most immune to them  especially
some of the natural sciences which have only recently become subjects
for international intrigue and spying  for this reason  the fears of
being labeled a communist are far less vital than the pressure that has
been exerted at many different periods to present communism as a liberal
doctrine that is in harmony with american ideals  it is this misplaced
liberalism that has been responsible for what the author of the article
quoted calls  anti communist hysterics  

in addition to this  any objective study of the communist dominated
world is rendered impossible  if the supplemental goal is to promote
mutual understanding  this of course is an object of study when the
system of two distinct peoples is founded upon the same general
principles  and when words are used on both sides with similar meanings 
in a study of the communist world  far more can be effected by a
rigorous emphasis on the differences than can be gained by soft pedaling
and concealing them 

another important factor that has worked against the increase of
students in the east european field has been the nature of the
opportunities which are offered to students  immediately after the
liberation of the slavic countries  after world war i  there seemed to
be a chance that students who acquired some knowledge of slavic could
put it to use in their ordinary vocations  those opportunities for
employment abroad that loomed so large in the calculations of students
of spanish proved to be conspicuously absent in view of communist
actions 

the spurt that occurred after world war ii came to an end when the iron
curtain descended over almost the entire slavic world  at least so far
as the average student was concerned  men who had received some
instruction while in the armed services were able to take advantage of
the gi bill of rights and continue their studies  yet most very soon
found that unless they intended to become real specialists  they would
not have the opportunity to use their knowledge 

the colleges and universities needed more men in view of the widespread
conviction that russian  especially  was a proper and necessary subject 
yet the field was relatively limited and did not require many
generations of post graduate students to adequately staff the
departments  the chief opportunity besides teaching was government
service and this absorbed the greatest number  but  for those who did
not care for government work the range of opportunities soon became
restricted 

most of these men and women  who are today specializing actively  are
persons who have received fellowships of some kind or value from one or
another of the larger foundations  the rockefeller  carnegie corporation
and the ford foundation   as in other branches of scholarship  and even
the sciences  or those humanistic subjects which almost insure teaching
positions  these fellowships and scholarships play a more important part
in the economic life of the graduate student than ever before and any
increase or decrease in them is reflected almost immediately in the
number of students  the result has been a steady but perceptible drop in
graduate students during the past years  this has not been a bad sign in
reality  even though it may superficially seem a lack of interest 

we can be very sure  the world and human nature being what it is  that
there will be no such reaction against foreign languages as there was
during and after world war i  there are already signs that the number of
students has dropped to the point where it will remain stationary  or
from which it will perhaps rise slightly  during the next years 

the study of slavic and east european subjects has followed a very
definite pattern in the last ten years with its shifts of emphasis
reflecting the changes that have taken place in that part of the globe 
it has followed political and economic relationships of the united
states and we can be confident that it will continue to do so 

thus  since the beginning of world war i  the picture of slavic and east
european studies in the united states has changed markedly  the
prospects today are far brighter than they ever have been  the
foundations have been laid and it only remains to build a superstructure
to fit into american life and at the same time present a consistent and
coherent picture of what that american life  and slavic studies  really
need  the first period of test is over  now is the time to present
slavic scholarship to the american public and the scholarly world in
such a form that it can be assimilated and incorporated in the
intellectual life of the nation  and at the same time take account of
the possibilities offered by the large section of the population with
slavic traditions 




                               chapter  
          the future tasks of slavic and east european studies


it is obviously impossible  under present conditions in america  even to
dream of offering any outline for a definite organization of studies of
that large area east of scandinavia  germany and italy  we are dealing
with several linguistic and cultural entities which historically have
been subjected to widely differing influences  especially in the field
of history and of culture in general  the old notion that a boundary
could be drawn between the roman catholic and orthodox churches  or
between the christian and the islamic worlds  is definitely antiquated 
it was non existent during the earlier periods of history although it
was partially valid for a few centuries  even at the height of religious
separation  the slavic world was itself divided  the western slavs and
some southern slavs on one side and the eastern and most southern slavs
on the other  today  with the general movements that are sweeping both
europe and asia  these lines are obliterated 

we are forced  thus  to recognize a far more complicated situation than
seemed possible even a few decades ago when the early students of slavic
blindly  though sincerely  followed either the german or the russian
cultural views of the area 

studies in the united states in these fields must find  despite the many
obstacles  a new path  acquire a new breadth of vision  and work out a
new outline wherever the old has been shown to be deficient  this can
only be done by cooperation among both scholars and institutions  though
the leading colleges and universities have found during the past century
their own methods for departmentalizing their courses and faculty  there
is hardly one which cannot adapt its resources to contribute to the
common cause  we will therefore content ourselves with sketching briefly
some of the problems  and their possible solutions  in the field of
organization 


 i  integration in american consciousness 

at the present time  educated americans seem to find it impossible to
integrate the concepts that have been forced upon them by events since
      the older generation  and too large a part of the younger  view
the expanded practical concern for eastern europe and asia as a serious
and troublesome addition to the range of knowledge which it is compelled
to acquire  this attitude has been fostered by the way in which the
expansion has occurred  under the pressure of world war ii  and its
accompanying developments  the government and the foundations alike have
been spending money to train men in present day problems and have looked
askance at what we may call basic work in the evolution of the
situation 

let us glance at this for a moment  courses in ancient history  chiefly
of greece and rome  are an established part of all college and
university curricula and are even found in many high schools  yet
invariably  these courses fail to discuss greece and greek culture after
the rise of philip of macedon and the roman conquest of greece  studies
of the roman empire rarely extend beyond the reigns of diocletian and
constantine  where they are lost in vagueness about the dark ages and
the barbarian migrations  even in the earlier period  almost no
attention has been given to vestiges of greek and roman culture outside
of greece  asia minor and the roman possessions in the west 

thus  there is a cloudy realization that the code of roman law was
finally drawn up in constantinople  but the historical significance of
the past is not keenly appreciated  at the same time  anything that can
be labeled byzantine is either treated separately or not considered at
all  there is even no realization that the scandinavian vikings extended
their activities to the east as well as to the west and such striking
evidence of this as the marriage of the daughter of harold the saxon 
the last saxon king of england  to volodymyr monomakh of kiev  seems an
incredible and isolated event  the scholars at dumbarton oaks and the
mediaeval academy of america are indeed doing work on byzantine history 
culture and institutions but the other scholars working on the
foundations and development of the modern western world have not
attempted to take their work into account  and are still limiting the
modern western world to the british isles  france  germany  the holy
roman empire and its descendants  ignoring the contacts of that world
with byzantium in the early and later middle ages 

with a similar lack of understanding  the average student  though aware
of the fight between the holy roman emperors and the popes  rarely knows
that the empire was then pushing into slavic territory or that saints
cyril and methodius  the apostles to the slavs  were in rome as well as
constantinople 

there is a scattered appreciation of such events as the latin seizure 
and the turkish capture  of constantinople but only for their impact
upon the life of the west  the arrival in western europe of scholars
from constantinople is taught as a great influence in the renaissance
but no attention is paid to their origin or where they had studied 

the situation is even worse for later periods  there has been an almost
complete neglect not only of the history of the balkan slavs but of the
greeks as well  for years after the establishment of the gennadeion in
athens  one of the few still unplundered collections of greek and slavic
manuscripts  slavic scholars were as unaware of the existence of this
collection as the classical scholars were unaware of its importance 

one result of this traditional lack of understanding of early eastern
history has been the tendency of american scholars to accept without
hesitation either the german view of eastern europe as a relatively
primitive region  or the russian view that in some way everything in the
east was russian and that it was only natural that catherine ii of
russia should dream of becoming the empress of the byzantine empire with
her capital still at st  petersburg 

thus all the peoples of eastern europe disappear from european history
shortly after the time of constantine and do not reappear until the
foundation of st  petersburg and the development of the eastern question
in the late eighteenth century  even the national struggles in vienna
during the reign of francis joseph ii are not evaluated  and far too
many would be students of eastern europe are still under the impression
that movements for national independence during world war i and the
russian revolution arose out of thin air 

the complicated events of the last decades pre empt the concentration of
students and give them little time to grasp the background which
underlay the past and gave rise to the complexities of the present 

it would be presumptuous to expect adequate and detailed knowledge of
eastern history to be added to the intellectual burden of all students 
even though it would be desirable  the most that can be hoped is that
students and scholars interested in this field will be able eventually
to focus more attention  in the general curricula  on a few of the major
trends that worked openly and secretly in eastern history for over a
thousand years  culminating in the present situation 

the last years have seen a few attempts  like those of the late dr 
bilmanis  minister of latvia in washington  to prepare a history of
latvia  we now have histories of lithuania  poland  czechoslovakia and
two or three of ukraine  but there is still lacking a general survey
presenting in readable  popular and general form the outstanding
developments in the slavic area  the development of such a synthesis of
the east european culture  in a form that could be included with the
more detailed studies of the western countries  would go far in
overcoming the vague and unrealistic ideas which are fostered either by
ignorance or by the propagandistic works of the formerly dominating
nations 

when we remember that it was nearly the end of the seventeenth century
before eastern europe acquired the form that it had on the eve of world
war i and that this order was seriously challenged throughout the
nineteenth century  we can see the necessity of a complete revision of
many of the established and traditional concepts  such a need must be
recognized by the educational leaders as a whole  for eastern europe has
greatly and consistently influenced the west  no greater step forward
can be taken than to emphasize this historical fact and to show the
important role of eastern europe  both positively and negatively  in
shaping the world as we knew it at the beginning of the twentieth
century 


 ii  the divisions of the area 

awakening the american intellectual world to the need for reassessing
its concept of eastern europe is  of course  an essential problem for
slavic students  but it can be fully accomplished only in cooperation
with those individuals and institutions concerned with the general
outline of human history  far more than a mere multiplication of
courses  of lectures and of journals is needed  yet if we assume that
steps are being taken toward this end  there still remains the very
pertinent question of what divisions and subdivisions of the area are to
be used in any detailed study  it is at this moment that we come face to
face with the tremendous historical and linguistic complications 

first considering linguistics  slavic easily can be placed at the
center  for the greater number of the inhabitants of eastern europe
speak one of the slavic tongues  the traditional point of view  which is
now being challenged by linguists  is to divide the slavs into western
 czech  slovak  polish and lusatian   southern  serb  croatian  slovene
and bulgarian  and eastern  great russian  ukrainian and byelorussian  
and to emphasize common linguistic aspects 

this is of advantage from the strictly philological point of view  it is
less valid when considering culture and history and the influence
exerted throughout the last millenium by the neighboring states and
cultures  as has been noted already  the constantly shifting line
between eastern and western churches cuts directly across the slavic
world  on one side are the czechs  slovaks  poles and croatians  all of
whom have been primarily under western influence  on the other are the
rest of the southern and eastern slavs who have drawn their original
inspiration from byzantium and have then undergone  in varying degrees 
cultural influence from the latin and germanic west  the scandinavian
north  the mongol and tatar east and the turkish south  ukraine  and to
a lesser degree byelorussia  whiteruthenia   have felt a consistently
strong western influence throughout their history  western influence
among the serbs has been more spasmodic  while russia  moscow  remained
relatively free from such influences almost until the time of peter i 

furthermore  the area also includes the uralic altaic peoples  the
finns  estonians  hungarians  turks and many less developed peoples 
these can hardly all be treated as offshoots of slavic  the uralic
peoples  especially those who are most highly developed  have shared the
influences of the slavs  and have been closely connected with western
europe  the finns and estonians have had strong scandinavian contacts
and the hungarians have been closely associated with the empire  the
poles and the czechs  the altaic peoples  largely mohammedan  have
become an inherent part of islamic culture and yet  despite their
distinct linguistic and cultural heritage  their fate has been closely
linked with that of the slavs  in addition  there are the modern greeks 
direct heirs of the byzantine tradition with their own sharply defined
culture  the romanians  who are proud of their latin traditions  and the
albanians  who form a distinct indo european linguistic group crowded
between the southern slavs and the greeks  neither can there be excluded
such peoples of the caucasus as the georgians  the armenians and the
azerbaijanians  nor other christian and mohammedan peoples formerly
included in the russian empire 

the time is long past when all of these national groups can be studied
only in terms of the russian and ottoman empires  their history and
their struggles for liberation create many cultural subsections which
cut across linguistic boundaries and  in part  natural geographical
subdivisions  it is difficult to name satisfactorily these cultural
subsections  for they vary in the different periods of history  yet  the
definition of courses of detailed study or area programs  which have
become so popular at the present time  demands it 

there is another difficulty which arises  the events of world war ii and
the creeping soviet imperialism have succeeded in dominating all of the
states which were established  or attempted after world war i  in the
western extension of the iron curtain  only finland in the north and
greece and turkey in the south have succeeded in maintaining a
precarious independence  as a result  all of the programs of instruction
that have been arbitrarily set up exclude these three countries 
whatever value such a division may have at present  it is certainly no
guide to the past  for at times finland was under swedish rule  which
extended south of the gulf of finland  likewise  for centuries greece 
the southern slavs and romania  then divided between wallachia  moldavia
and transylvania   together with ukraine  formed another definite
cultural block  which to a large degree shared the same political fate 

for many years  the nations of the balkan peninsula were treated as a
balkan block and  because of the ways these states secured their
political independence  they shared years of stormy political life  the
term  balkans  was then  with considerable contempt  applied to greece 
bulgaria  serbia  montenegro  albania and romania  yet after world war
i  when the adriatic littoral was added to serbia and montenegro to form
yugoslavia and romania recovered transylvania and bessarabia  the name
came to have little meaning  now with turkey playing a positive role 
efforts have been made to use the name southeastern europe  but with
little success   danubian europe  is worse  for the danube crosses both
austria and hungary  and avoids greece and albania 

at the present time  the term  eastern europe  is probably the least
objectionable but it is ridiculous to apply this term to czechoslovakia
and hungary which are almost in the heart of europe  still  this is the
term  added to slavic or slavonic  used as a general title by both the
british  slavonic and east european review  and  the american slavic and
east european review   but the culture area also includes all of the
former russian possessions in asia  for the urals owe their position as
the boundary of europe more to the fact that they run roughly north and
south at the eastern end of the caspian sea  and so are useful to
cartographers  than to any historical importance 

the term  mid europe  has been introduced lately to cover the history of
that strip of countries which won their independence after world war i
and lost it after world war ii  it is an attempt to unify the
non unifiable  except in terms of their present fate  for during much of
the last thousand years the fate of czechoslovakia  poland and hungary
has been intertwined  but poland has been involved with lithuania 
byelorussia  white ruthenia   and ukraine  while the main relations of
latvia and estonia have been with the scandinavian and other baltic
peoples 

for purposes of detailed study then  a division can be made between the
eastern baltic shore in the north  poland  czechoslovakia and hungary in
the center  and the states of the balkan peninsula  including turkey  in
the south 

what then can we do with ukraine and byelorussia  two of the three east
slavic states  for both countries connections with moscow have been of a
special character with a long record of turbulence  opposition and
attempts at independence  they have lived their own lives with
intermittent contact with the west  in fact  it was through them that
most of the purely western influences drifted into moscow and the land
of the great russians  which in ancient times was more closely connected
through the volga river with the caucasian group of peoples and the
golden horde 

attempts to divide the entire area into regional sections with common
problems and cultural development produces only confusion  for such
divisions are applicable only to short periods in the ever changing
kaleidoscope of history  the realization of this fact presents one of
the greatest obstacles to the student of present problems  the idea 
fostered in prague  that the key to all east european problems could be
the assumption of a single slavic history and slavic culture can be
easily proved to be as vain as pan germanism  pan turanianism  and
pan asianism 

yet  today this over simplification has been twisted by the russian
messianic concept into a formidable weapon against the rest of the
world  the communist theories  like the old tsarist theories of moscow
as the third rome  cannot be laughed away  they must be met by accurate
and careful study and this does necessitate some sort of recognizable
division  but  the solution to these contradictions cannot be found in
either the russian or the old germanic theories  it demands the most
serious consideration from the modern scholars of the entire world
outside the iron curtain 


 iii  undergraduate courses 

considering the material that can be reasonably included in the
curriculum of the average american college  we must severely limit our
expectations  because the average college aims to give a well rounded
education in many fields of knowledge  the number of persons
specializing in slavic and east european subjects will be very limited 
the amount of time that the average student can spend on these subjects
and the amount of effort that the average institution will expend to
make them effective  is limited  furthermore  there will be few
colleges  not connected with universities  either inclined to embark
upon an ambitious program  or supplied with the resources to undertake
it  but  this does not mean that nothing is to be done or that it is to
be done carelessly 

until that time when the main facts of the history of eastern europe and
of eastern european and slavic culture are included in the general
scheme of the development of the modern world or in courses in the
development of contemporary civilization  interested persons on the
faculty must work out a minimum program  this will vary according to the
general content  either in history or literature  and will fall into its
proper place in the general curriculum  whether or not a special
department is established  there are some things that can be expected
and we will divide these into four headings  history  literature 
culture and language  we will here consider the first three 

the prime requirement in all these subjects is scientific accuracy 
something which is far too often honored in the breach  there has been
in the past too great a tendency to accept some superficial treatment
composed of half truths  we must remember that ignorance  and conscious
ignorance at that  is often better than incorrect knowledge  the problem
lies not so much in what a person does not know as in what he knows
wrong 

at the present time  there scarcely can be given a course in modern
history which overlooks and omits the questions that have been forced
upon the attention of the world by russian communism  there is 
therefore  little or no reason why the main facts of the present
situation should not be correctly given with proper weight laid on the
soviet structure and methods  this involves a clear recognition that
there are important differences not only between the old capitalistic
and the new communistic russia  but also that there is an ostensible
stress which the soviet union lays upon the differences between the
populations inhabiting her republics  subject as they all are to the
same russianization  there can be no excuse for the oft repeated view
that all the people of the soviet union are russians in the old sense of
the word  there is no reason for the arbitrary omission of the
nationality problem on the ground that it has no validity in fact or
experience just because it was denied by the tsars a century ago  there
have been too many instances of even responsible publications omitting
from accurate surveys references to such problems  at the will of
certain anti communist nationalist russian groups  although there is
available today adequate and easily accessible literature  far too
little of it has penetrated the scholarly world which is still burdened
with the traditions of the past 

the same can be said of literature  for many years masterpieces of
turgenev  tolstoy  dostoyevsky and gorky have been included in courses
on modern european literature  still  far too often  they have been
presented in a vacuum  without any attempt to equate them with russian
life and thought  this is perhaps less common today  but immediately
after world war i  it is not extreme to say  there was a western science
of russian literature almost as far from reality as that first french
translation of  anna karenina  which  in the interest of clarity  calmly
omitted the entire levin kitty story 

on the other hand  with the number of available translations of nearly
all the prominent russian authors of the nineteenth and twentieth
centuries  there is no reason why courses on russian literature in
translation should not be offered  the material can be easily gathered
to give an adequate picture of the development of the literature for the
non specialist  whether this is done as part of a general course  or as
a special course  will depend upon the program of the institution but it
will benefit not only the general student but also the person who is
endeavoring to learn the language 

the problem is more complicated for the other east european languages 
perhaps polish literature is the only one that has been translated with
even near minimal adequacy  still  there are a number of translations
from the czech  especially from karel capek  the popular dramatist who
was active before world war ii  there are some good ukrainian
translations  especially of poetry done by the late percival cundy and
the selections already in english give a fair representation of all the
major ukrainian authors  the literatures of the other slavic groups are
still poorly represented in translations 

there is a real need therefore for the preparation of a series of
anthologies in translation  not only from the slavic languages  but also
from the other literatures of east europe  there may be difficulties in
securing publication of such works  and hesitation in introducing them
with success into the various courses  but there is no reason why any
college library should not work to build a collection of such works 
even if it is not interested in expanding its study in this field 

where there are courses in one or more of the languages of the area  it
will be  of course  easy to prepare courses on the literature with
readings in the original  yet  these can never replace the full need for
courses in translation or courses in which the originals are
supplemented by translations 

the same applies to courses in the fine arts  especially music and
painting  both of which have flourished in slavic lands  there are
special difficulties here that are not present in the literature  for in
the past  and especially the nineteenth century  most of the slavic
artists appeared in the western world as either russian  austrian or
italian  as such  their contributions have been hidden even beyond their
own desires  for in      the world discovered that many artists  who had
been invited as representatives of the dominating empires  rebelled and
proudly declared themselves poles or czechs  much to the surprise of
their audiences 

we can be sadly confident that it will be some time before undergraduate
courses in east european history and culture will everywhere acquire a
proper direction and clear acceptance  but year by year  as these
studies expand in the colleges  an increasing number of students are
affected and slavic studies are coming closer and closer to the academic
level and seriousness of the older disciplines  this offers hope for the
future and  while we cannot expect a slavic department to become one of
the numerically larger departments  it can rise to its opportunities and
exercise its functions both in training specialists and in broadening
the knowledge of a larger and larger number of students  the lag in
slavic studies is diminishing with each year and it will soon vanish
entirely if developments of the present day are carefully regarded 


 iv  language instruction 

the first task of a slavic or east european language department is of
course to teach the language  it should be taken for granted that any
person who claims to be a specialist in the history and culture of any
country should be able to read  write  speak and understand its
language  the language courses in any department are intended to satisfy
these requirements  this however is a goal and the merest contact with
even good students will show how far it is from being fully realized 
yet it must be the goal even though we accept something far short of it
as that which can be reasonably attained 

there is no easy way to learn a foreign language and to maintain fluency
in it  and fluency can be best secured by a constant use of the
language  hardly possible in the united states despite the aspiration of
the student  somewhere  somehow there must be a compromise 

there are  of course  scattered individuals like the late professor john
dyneley prince  who seemed to have a special gift for speaking foreign
tongues  as a matter of fact  prince built his entire scholarly and
political career on this inborn gift  his knowledge of spoken tongues
was fantastic  but it should be recognized that he maintained it only by
a constant preoccupation with language  the time that others spent on
bridge and other hobbies  he dedicated to reading dictionaries and
annotating grammars  he continued  so long as his health allowed  the
labor which made it possible for him to perform his almost incredible
feats  men like prince are exceptional  but they emphasize the fact that
there is no single road to success  every individual learns languages in
his own way and hence there can easily be a wide divergence of
educational methods recommended 

there was a time when instruction in modern languages followed the
methods used in studying greek and latin  with an excessive emphasis on
knowledge of grammar and a corresponding neglect both of the finer
points of usage and the ability to read fluently  the old joke that the
object of learning the classical languages was to be able to distinguish
the different uses of the genitive case was true only when scholars
ceased using latin as a medium of communication  while this was a
passing phase  it left its mark on the study of modern languages  the
slavic languages  from their inception as subjects of university study 
have been subject to this temptation  but even before the application of
so called modern methods  there was a larger proportion of serious
students able to express themselves satisfactorily in the slavic
languages than there was in the more common tongues  such as french and
german 

on the other hand  the great increase of interest in slavic languages
came during world war ii and this left its imprint on the methods of
instruction  for military and governmental purposes  speaking knowledge
was very important and became even more so when the schools were charged
with training men for intelligence work  the emphasis on a speaking
knowledge of slavic languages was important in world war ii because the
number of young americans who knew these languages well was seriously
declining  thirty years before  there were many young slavs who had but
recently migrated to the united states or were the children of parents
who spoke their native languages fluently though grammatically
incorrectly  the children of these people  trained in american schools 
have lost most of their facility in their fathers  tongues and need
fundamental training 

at the same time the slow but persistent strengthening of the iron
curtain and the refusal of the soviet government to allow free
emigration of its citizens has reduced the number of young instructors
available  the majority of competent instructors in america have lived
in this country since the close of world war i and many of them are
unfamiliar with the latest turns of the language as used in the soviet
union 

the difficulty of obtaining instructors is counterbalanced by the great
improvement in methods of recording and reproducing sounds  it is now
possible in almost all institutions to give students accurate and well
rendered records and tapes of the leading russian dramas and speeches as
recorded and broadcast by the soviet authorities themselves  it is also
possible for the students to record their own pronunciation and compare
it with the accepted standards  the use of these modern scientific and
technical aids is undoubtedly improving pronunciation  though it is by
no means certain that it is equally satisfactory in teaching fluency
when the student is called upon to express his own thoughts 

at the same time  the new interest in language often overlooks the fact
that students may desire to learn a slavic language for widely differing
purposes  in this respect he does not differ from the average english
speaking person who may fully master the language and still be almost
completely ignorant of the technical terms  jargon  of some particular
profession or activity  disregarding the notion that a foreign language
should be learned only to read  belles lettres   we far too often
replace it with the ability to carry on ordinary conversations on
general subjects  there is of course  in all languages  an irreducible
minimum of words of universal applicability  but methods must be found
to include special vocabularies for students with special interests 
this has been met in part by the production of technical dictionaries
for the several sciences but much work remains to be done 

these remarks apply to all the languages of east europe  however  modern
methods have received their fullest application in teaching russian 
although auspicious beginnings have been made for others  especially
polish  it is highly desirable that textbooks and other aids be
increased in the near future to provide all slavic languages with
adequate materials  adapted to the use of english speaking students 
russian is still the language in which most american students are
interested  in a way this is natural because russian  both by its
political importance  the number of persons speaking it and the
reputation of some russian writers  is undoubtedly the most important 
other slavic and east european tongues are adequately taught only in
some of the larger universities or in smaller institutions with special
interests  be it circumstances of the administration or the character of
the student body  yet it is hardly true that any person interested in
the broader studies of eastern europe can be adequately equipped if he
possesses only a knowledge of russian  though this does not make the
situation as hopeless as it might seem 

there are so many common roots and forms of expression in all slavic
languages that it is possible to prepare a course which will emphasize
the salient features of each language  equip the student with a
knowledge of any one slavic language  and still enable him to handle 
for scientific purposes  the others without too much difficulty  this
was successfully done by professor prince at columbia when  with a fine
disregard for special grammatical features of the different languages 
he arranged a general reading course in the slavic tongues  for some
years  professor manning followed his example  the course was finally
dropped because of other departmental needs but there is no reason why
such a course could not be standardized and made available in many
institutions which are unable to afford a complete university staff to
teach the different languages individually 

the greatest obstacle to the study of slavic languages is the fact that 
until very recently  few students reached the graduate level with an
adequate background in the languages  this has been somewhat relieved by
the introduction of russian and other slavic languages in the colleges 
but often language instruction could be advantageously introduced in
high schools  furthermore  there are many institutions  largely
supported by churches or societies  which give instruction for which
colleges should be willing to give appropriate credit 

such credit could be granted by a rigid insistence upon accomplishment
coupled with a liberal reading of the requirements for college entrance 
thus  despite the lesser emphasis paid to definite entrance
examinations  it should be possible for educational institutions and
state organizations to arrange examinations in east european languages
even where they were not learned in a recognized school  in many
instances the efficiency of summer courses  such as those given by the
ukrainian national association under the supervision of the ukrainian
free university  could be checked by some central body  if instruction
were satisfactory  credits could be accepted  in toto   or the graduates
could be given the opportunity of an individual examination in order to
receive credit  it would seem that almost all major churches and
societies in the united states interested in the study of a foreign
language would react favorably if there were any assurance that students
in their courses would receive proper recognition 

the american educational system is neglecting  at present  those
resources for study of east european and slavic languages which already
exist  while it is true that formerly instruction was often given by
ill prepared and incompetent teachers  the arrival in this country of
large numbers of educated dp s  often with teaching experience in their
own lands  has changed the situation  and made it possible to build up a
large cadre of language students  prepared to undertake more advanced
work at an earlier stage 

in the language field as nowhere else  we can clearly see marked
improvement in the past thirty years  there are better textbooks and
better instructors  if there is a negative aspect  it is in an excessive
emphasis on what is conceived to be a modern system of study  which
rests too much upon adherence to hypothetical rules regarding how a
language should be learned  and a tendency to look askance at any
exceptions to this  regardless of what results may have been attained 
there is still much more to be done before the knowledge of these
languages is sufficiently spread throughout the intellectual and
research organs of the country 


 v  graduate work 

considering the problems of graduate study in american universities  we
must not overlook the fact that slavic studies in europe developed
entirely under the methods and system of german scholarship  although
this may seem surprising  it was at vienna  leipzig  and berlin that the
outlines of the modern sciences were laid  the early universities at st 
petersburg and moscow were largely staffed by germans and the oldest
university in slavic lands  the charles university of prague  lost its
czech character during the thirty years war  a czech section of the
university was begun as an adjunct only in the      s and did not
recover its original insignia until after the liberation of
czechoslovakia  hence  the german system of scholarship was considered
basic  even though it was greatly altered by later development of slavic
studies at the universities of prague and krakow  the influence of
prague and krakow was natural  for it was in slavic universities in
slavic lands that slavic would become the cornerstone of humanistic
teaching  acquiring a position similar to that of english and american
literature and history in american institutions  we can never hope to
equal or surpass the work in these institutions though we can admit it
without any sense of failure 

since american graduate schools have been based on german models  they
inherited the german division of faculty with history and its allied
subjects separated from literature and philology  nor have these
divisions been changed noticeably by grouping various chairs in allied
subjects into departments  while there have been attempts  as at
harvard  to bring together in the slavic pattern  all courses dealing
with slavic subjects  this practice has not been generally followed  the
result is that history and literature have been taught separately and
have been combined only in part in more recent russian and slavic
institutes 

in both general fields  the usual methods and regulations can be applied
easily and completely  hence  the introduction of slavic and east
european into the general curriculum has not caused difficulties  there
remains only this question  should there be some provision for normally
including one or more general courses from either section in the
curriculum of the other to augment the background of those students
tempted to specialize too closely  who might thus fail to see the
general cultural problems which any literature or history presents 

there are  however  certain limitations which the student will
encounter  due largely at the present time to the rule in the free world
which prohibits a free exchange of students between countries  a student
desiring to work in english  french and german history can go freely to
the appropriate intellectual center to consult sources  a relatively
large number of students in these fields have studied at the
universities and archives of the country in which they were interested 
this was also true to a certain degree  between the wars  in the
so called succession states when every year students went to the
universities of poland  czechoslovakia  yugoslavia and bulgaria  the
baltic and greece  today this is impossible and the administration of
students  programs must take this fact into account  the limitation
severely restricts research in certain slightly explored areas such as
the remains of slavic literature from the middle ages  the unpublished
memoirs and manuscripts of many modern writers  and memorabilia from
many periods of historical and economic importance 

these limitations can be partly overcome by increased research in the
archives of many of the countries still free  there is doubtless much
material in the libraries of western europe  the scandinavian countries 
greece and turkey which has never been adequately studied by a slavic
expert 

limitations exist to an even greater degree in archaeology and
ethnology  since research before world war i was still in its infancy
and subsequent discoveries have been filtered through the exigencies of
russian communist propaganda  this imposes upon the student the
necessity for a most thorough and careful analysis of all soviet
references and newly published material  often edited to suit the policy
of the moment  for it often involves a direct contradiction to what the
soviets declared to be true in the period between the two world wars 
this is the situation not only in history  but also in the literature of
the past and present  the theses issued by the communist party for the
three hundredth anniversary of the treaty of pereyaslav             
after the death of stalin and under the  new  soviet policy  stand in
sharp contrast to the published statements of soviet scholarship during
the      s and      s  similarly  the rewriting of the biographies 
during the relatively unhampered conditions of the early      s  of such
authors as dostoyevsky  shevchenko  franko  mickiewicz and many others 
makes it impossible to accept uncritically either the older soviet
accounts or even much of the material published under the tsarist
regime 

there is then imposed upon faculty and students  the need to recognize
that slavic studies cannot merely accept the latest discoveries and
statements as a correction of the past  as in other fields  but must
include the most careful consideration of whether in the present or the
past they have been more grossly falsified  reportedly new discoveries
in the humanistic and cultural fields may be only a dialectic exercise
of the organs of the tsarist or communist regimes in order to deceive
the outside world  for example  the declaration of the validity of
 socialist realism  meant a deliberate misinterpretation of the writings
of earlier communist authors  which can be understood only in terms of
politics  not literature  promulgated ideas were accepted only after the
publication of the official list of writings as decided by communist
authorities  similarly  the original philological theories of marr soon
lost what validity they possessed when they were adopted by marr s
fellow georgian  stalin  as the soviet system and were imposed for
twenty five years to serve communist purposes  even what remained valid
suffered when marr  after his death  was officially discredited and his
original ideas went through a second period of wilful perversion  such
instances could be multiplied by the hundreds  even including sosyura s
poem  love ukraine   which was deemed worthy of a stalin prize only to
be condemned  a few years later  as anti communist and  bourgeois
nationalist  

this constant shifting of soviet truth has involved strange deviations
by even distinguished scholars who have tried to combine their sense of
scholarship and accuracy with their desire to be admitted to the soviet
union for further study  it has also increased the american public fear
of communism and has aided the rise of the so called  anti communist
hysteria  which has restrained men who  though not communist themselves 
are unwilling to be accused by the soviets of open hostility 

there is still another unsatisfied need in slavic studies  the western
world  since the seventeenth century  for good or ill  has relegated
religion  or the lack of it  to a subordinate place in modern history 
while recognition is given both religious and non religious authors and
movements  nowhere have religious motives played the ultimate primary
role  the contrary is true in the east european area  where religion  or
opposition to it  plays the same role it did in medieval europe  in
russian literature of the nineteenth century both leo tolstoy and
dostoyevsky were absorbed in the world of the orthodox church and  in
their reaction to it  were leaders of the westernizing intelligentsia 
neither s influence can be understood without a consideration of the
ethos of russian orthodoxy  but this is rarely treated as a serious
subject  even though it furnishes the key to that russian messianistic
dream which so frequently emerges in the stream of russian culture  in a
lesser degree  the same can be said of the more negative messianism of
mickiewicz and other polish writers  of the goals of shevchenko and 
above all  of the patriotic works of the serb poet  nyegosh  in
addition  there is the almost completely unknown world of the russian
old believers  or starovyery  who have left an imprint on many fields of
russian culture  although rarely mentioned  they are far better known in
the russian revolutionary movement  particularly for their preservation
of old russian icons 

still another field for which material is available  is the history of
the slavs and slavic culture in the western world  professor jaroslav
rudnyckyj of the university of manitoba has detailed changes of the
ukrainian language in canada  and h  l  mencken has provided startling
information on slavic languages in america  in his  the american
language   but the full extent of these changes and the effect of
american life on slavic folklore and folk art  as well as the history of
the settlements  has not yet been fully studied  at present  because of
support given by foundations and the government  stress is laid upon
present slavic conditions and culture  this is only natural  but the
present  and indeed the future  can only be understood by the past 
there is much historical study to be done with the resources that the
united states and western europe can furnish  slavic history has been so
consistently neglected  or studied in such narrow contexts  that its
general lines of contact with the west and asia have not yet been
established with any degree of certainty  even in the slavic countries 
if interest has been shown in the relations between kiev and the
scandinavians  it has not been extended to the contacts with byzantium
during all ages  nor have scholars examined the swedish polish relations
from the viewpoint of both countries  the interplay of the balkan slavs
with both italy and the ottomans is still veiled in darkness 

all these subjects can be studied by slavic scholars in america without
limiting the study to an assumed narrow sphere which has  too often 
been the fate of studies both in europe and the slavic lands  the
viewpoint of american students  therefore  with a broader perspective
may result in a new school of slavic studies  oriented by an impartial
attitude to either the russian imperialistic claims or the german desire
to treat eastern europe  in the broader sense  as a subordinate arena in
the world s history  these traditional viewpoints are today being
outmoded rapidly by current history  therefore  the sooner american
slavic and east european scholarship realizes its own possibilities and
its subject matter  the more valuable will be its contribution to the
welfare of the united states and the world 


 vi  area studies 

the development of area studies  which first attracted wide attention
during world war ii  fills a certain gap in the general organization of
slavic and east european studies  they compensate for a deficiency in
the education and application of students but they can never fully
replace the work of the graduate school  area studies are at their best
when they train young men and women in a knowledge of regions relatively
unknown to the general public  which for one reason or another are so
inaccessible that few  if any  of the students will have an opportunity
to visit them in the course of their studies  they can then be regarded
in two quite different ways  for they are either a desirable prelude to
more serious work or they are vocational schools of the highest class 
in either respect  they will prove their value if properly handled 

to understand the place of area studies  it must be recognized that the
american university system has sharply differentiated between the
cultural linguistic phases and historical and economic aspects of any
given section of the world  both areas of understanding require a
knowledge of the general geography  the outstanding products of the
region  its population and characteristics  it has been far too easy  in
the past  for students of slavic  as well as other cultures  to secure a
knowledge of the literature of a period without an adequate realization
of the background against which that literature was produced  to cite an
example from russian literature  during the first half of the nineteenth
century  very few russian writers ever visited kiev and apart from the
visit of pushkin to the south of russia and the service of lermontov and
leo tolstoy in the caucasus  there are few works which picture anything
but st  petersburg  moscow and a small area south of moscow  while the
average student does not expect such a limitation of subject matter  it
is at once obvious from the most superficial knowledge of the expanse of
russia  we could parallel this case with any number of others 

from this point of view  area studies represent but a slight increase of
detailed knowledge over that which the average student acquires before
he begins specialization in any linguistic or historical field  this
knowledge must be supplemented by detailed studies in one of the
accepted fields of learning if the student is not to remain a talented
amateur 

but there is another aspect of area studies which has given them their
vogue at the present time  the global complexion of world war ii brought
home to the american government  all far sighted educators and even to
members of the general public  the tremendous ignorance which existed in
the united states concerning all parts of the world except some sections
of western europe  it was urgently necessary to prepare  in the minimum
time  relatively large numbers of individuals to serve throughout the
world  the involvement of the soviet union and the nazi overrunning of
the states to its west further emphasized this need  area studies were
the result 

these studies were definitely geared to educate men and women who could
be quickly called in case of need  that need still exists and
undoubtedly a large percentage of the students who enter such
concentrated programs hope to put their knowledge to practical use  for
the most part  outside the universities  there is still a great demand
for area courses and if ever the iron curtain were lifted and free
commercial relations reestablished  we would speedily find that even
with all these courses  the demand would outstrip the supply 

but  it seems likely that area studies will diminish in popularity if
slavic and other east european studies find their rightful place in the
undergraduate curriculum and provide students with a real appreciation
of the significance and general culture of the area  if that were so 
they might continue with still greater detail  for an area study
including the entire soviet union and the satellites becomes almost a
contradiction in terms  it would be the same as if a student selected
north and south america for a single area study  it becomes very little
more than a brief survey of conditions in some particular field  this
danger has appeared already in places where area studies have been given
on the slavic lands and have tended to become mere adjuncts of certain
phases of russian and communist politics and thought 

taken in the true sense  these courses have amply fulfilled the purpose
for which they were intended  they have served to focus attention on
many neglected problems  more than this  they have served to round out
the point of view of many students  but their unfortunate preoccupation
with the present has also created  lacunae  which can only be filled by
other means  area studies  in their present sense and scope  are a
welcome sign of progress but they are not an adequately developed source
of our knowledge of slavic and east european subjects  they are a step
in the right direction  have contributed much to overcome the almost
complete ignorance with which our country entered world war ii  but they
fall short of the full needs 


 vii  summary 

we have now reviewed the history of slavic studies in the united states
indicating their scope  their limitations and their prospects  it
remains to summarize all this and  in terms of past experiences  to make
some tentative predictions of needs for the future 

the number of students of slavic and east european subjects increased
many times during and after world war ii  because public attention was
centered on this area  there are now signs which indicate that this
marked increase is coming to an end  for propaganda purposes  sometimes
deliberate and sometimes based upon ignorance  slackening interest is
attributed to the fear of being labeled a communist  yet there are
deeper reasons  for it is rare that the rush of american students into
any subject  whether a science or a humanistic study  lasts more than a
few years  one reason is  in many cases  purely materialistic  the
overwhelming majority of students who pursue higher studies do so for
purely professional reasons  either in government service  scholarship 
journalism or business  an added complication today is the fact that
most students expect to receive scholarships or fellowships during their
period of study  and these have been distributed liberally by the
foundations  colleges and universities  yet  at the very moment when the
number of students in slavic studies show signs of diminishing  we are
also given an intensive barrage of propaganda on the need for increasing
the number of students in the natural sciences  there will be increased
future assistance for the sciences resulting in more available and far
better positions than in the slavic and east european field 

we must remember  too  that because of the rapid development  most of
the key men in slavic studies  no matter what their fields  are still
relatively young  few are over fifty five and  unless the mortality rate
experienced during world war ii is repeated  we can only accept the fact
that the rate of promotion will be slow and attrition by retirement and
death will be at a low level  prospects for advancement  then  are not
as good as they were even ten years ago although there will always be
openings for the well trained scholars 

a need will probably last longest in eastern non russian languages for 
with the passing of time  the present lack of competent scholars in many
of these countries will be felt more and more  there will also be a lack
of those who have really studied the origins of the present situation 
the past history of these lands and even of the russian people and are
familiar with those currents which have led to the development of the
present situation  we need  in other words  to study the byzantine
relationships with the slavs  the pre eighteenth century german contacts
with the slavs  the nineteenth century  and those more specialized
subjects such as archaeology  and ethnology  which are still ignored 

the second aspect closely connected to this  both in the present and
future  is the furnishing of an instructional staff  in some fields
there are still too few men now available and while the younger
generation is being trained  the united states is wasting the services
of many competent scholars who have arrived since world war ii began 
who  because of their ignorance of english  are often compelled to take
menial and unintellectual positions  this is a tragic waste at a time
when so much half knowledge is being disseminated  there must be more
contact between these newly arrived specialists and the general
educational system  some of these men undoubtedly need special training
to equip them to function advantageously in the american system  but it
is sheer folly for the country and the universities alike to discount
them wholly  or to confine them to minor institutions maintained by
their own groups  american scholarly societies should make every effort
to bring into their membership the newly arrived scholars and to
cooperate with those institutions which have been recently transplanted
to america  such as the shevchenko scientific society  by neglecting to
do so  american education is overlooking a large reservoir of trained
personnel with long experience and a wide range of knowledge and ideas 

another pressing problem is the need for money  money for the payment of
faculties  for scholarships  for the expansion and establishment of
libraries and museums  the lack of financial resources in the past has
often been the greatest handicap  for before world war ii contributions
for this type of work were few  while the foundations have contributed
handsomely to make the present expansion possible  it is hardly to be
expected that they will continue indefinitely  thus  even now the east
european fund of the ford foundation seems to be in the process of
liquidation 

similarly  with the pressure exerted on universities  we can scarcely
hope that they  already pressed for funds to conduct research in other
branches  will be able to provide the money needed for slavic and east
european studies  at the present time  there is a movement on foot to
secure large grants  on a one time or yearly basis  from many of the
larger corporations  the plans offer encouragement but there is always
the danger that funds will be diverted to those subjects which promise
the most direct advantage to the donors  and while this may set free
certain university funds  it may also serve to furnish those favored
departments something more than their regular share of the institutional
income 

on the other hand  many societies of the larger groups of slavic and
east european peoples possess relatively large sums of money which can
be used for cultural purposes  some of these societies have already
awakened to their responsibility and are doing praiseworthy work in
publishing materials in english  in supporting refugee scholars and in
maintaining cultural institutions  it can only be hoped that all of the
societies will consider carefully the opportunities that are offered for
aiding in the development of endowment funds and gifts for slavic and
other study 

in connection with this  the universities have an obligation to keep an
open mind about these offers and not to judge them in terms of the
teaching accepted in hohenzollern germany  hapsburg austria hungary 
romanov russia and the communist soviet union  this is not asking the
universities to alter their demands for objectivity  but it is asking
them to recognize that points of view which serve the political
aspirations of the old imperialists should not be maintained because of
their prestige alone  for they have been challenged in large part by
outstanding scholars since world war i  the epigoni of the old russian
professors are by no means as sure of their ground as were their masters
and it is ridiculous to suggest that no new ideas have been developed by
a reworking of the old and new material  we may still be far from the
time when there will be professors in the history and culture of every
one of the slavic and east european groups  in a single institution  but
scholarship has advanced beyond the simple view which lumps all the
nations of eastern europe into one or two convenient sections and
accepts the view of the dominant nation as absolute truth 

there is  in addition  a great need for the collection and preservation
of material on slavic and eastern europe  at the time of world war i 
the american relief commission under instructions from its chief 
herbert hoover  collected enormous masses of material now preserved in
the hoover war library at stanford university  slavic groups  societies
and associations have brought together relatively large collections of
the most valuable material that has appeared during and after world war
ii  much of this material has been saved at tremendous risks  but is
still scattered in various repositories  not always under ideal
conditions  in addition  the libraries of american universities are
becoming so crowded that they often hesitate to accept copies of works
which may seem superfluous at first sight 

thus  it would be highly desirable to form a new institution  sponsored
by interested universities and the scholarly societies of the new
immigration  to preserve in a convenient place  under modern library
conditions  all this material  such a project  admittedly ambitious 
would require assistance from some foundation  the cooperation of all
the factions among the new immigration  as well as the american
institutions  administered by a joint board  it could easily be made a
center which would soon be unrivalled in the world  even ephemeral
material  such as newspapers and programs  which seem of little or no
intrinsic importance  should be preserved  for in a few years they will
be hotly bargained for by the greatest libraries  why should this not
now be brought together and made available for duly qualified students 
such a collection would soon prove to be more important than many
apparently more valuable sources 

in the same way  perhaps under the same roof  there could be a slavic
museum not only for the major arts but also for articles of domestic
use  early immigrants brought with them home made utensils  weavings 
carpets  and dishes which now seem crude and are discarded  however 
their real value is suggested by the fact that the new york state
historical society has organized in cooperstown an agricultural museum
to preserve similar articles made in the early united states  the
disappearance of the old way of life in eastern europe  evident even
before the communist wave of devastation and the ravages of the war 
have given these articles  now in the united states a value far beyond
anything imagined a few years ago  some organizations such as the polish
roman catholic union in chicago  the ukrainian museums in ontario 
california  chicago and cleveland  and other groups have made small
scale efforts to establish collections and libraries  some of them  such
as the shevchenko society library  the ukrainian academy of sciences
library and the hungarian feleky library  have not yet found proper
housing  there are many other small and scattered museums and
collections  the development of a project on a continental scale would
at once reveal the similarities and dissimilarities existing among the
slavic and east european peoples 

no single institution can possibly hope to achieve all this or to cover
adequately the subjects included in a careful survey and study of
eastern europe  some new form of cooperation must be devised  if the
burden is not to become overwhelming and thus be neglected  it cuts
sharply in some respects across some of the american educational
traditions but the establishments of atomic laboratories sponsored by
several institutions  such as the brookhaven laboratory  shows that
cooperation is possible 

these  then  are but a few possibilities for future expansion of slavic
studies  the slavic and east european studies in the united states are
still in their infancy and american scholars  whether of slavic or
non slavic origin  have an enormous opportunity to push forward to solve
many of the problems which have  until now  isolated the peoples of
eastern europe and have barred them from playing their proper role in
world affairs 




                              bibliography


  aldrich  col  h  s   aims and techniques in language teaching today  
     abstract   aatseel bulletin   v  march         pp       

  andrews  a  i   university courses given in the united states of
    america on slavic and other eastern european history  languages and
    literature   reprinted from  slavonic review        

   area study programs the soviet union and eastern europe   edited by
    royden dangerfield  institute of government and public affairs 
    university of illinois       

  bennett  w  c   area studies in american universities     ssrc   
    washington       

  brozek  joseph   slavic studies in america  the present status  
     journal of higher education   xiv         pp        

  coleman  a  p   the teaching of russian in the u s    russian review  
    iv  autumn         pp       

       the teaching of area and language courses in the field of
      slavic and east european studies    american slavic review   iv
       august         pp          

       american area and language courses in slavic and east european
      studies              american slavic review   v  november       
      pp         

       a report on the status of russian and other slavic and east
      european languages in the educational institutions of the u s  
        aatseel   new york       

  coleman  m  m   a yale man studies russian  james gates percival
                and russian in new haven a century ago    russian
    review   viii  april         pp         

  coolidge  a  c   a plea for the study of the history of northern
    europe    american historical review   ii  october         pp       

  cross  s  h   on teaching contemporary russian civilization  
     slavonic review   xxi  american series iii   august         pp 
           

       teaching college russian    slavonic review   xxii  american
      series iii   october         pp        

  czubatyj  n  d   the meaning of  russia  and  ukraine     ukrainian
    quarterly   i  september         pp         

  de francis  john   ed    report on the second annual round table
    meeting on linguistic and language teaching    institute of
    languages and linguistics  georgetown university  monograph series 
    no     september        washington       

   dictionary of national biography   new york 

  dorosh  j  t   the study and teaching of slavic languages  
    washington  library of congress       

  fenton  w  n   area studies in american universities   washington 
    american council on education       

  graves  mortimer   a memorandum on regional studies    journal of
    higher education   xvi  november         pp        

       a neglected facet of the national security problem  
      washington       

  halecki  o   imperialism in slavic and east european history  
     american slavic review   xi  february         pp       

  hall  r  b   area studies  with special reference to their
    implications for research in the social sciences    ssrc pamphlet
    no     new york       

  hall  r  a   jr   progress and reaction in modern language teaching  
     aaup bulletin   xxxi  summer         pp         

  hasek  c  w   the slavonic languages and literatures in american
    colleges and universities    higher education circular no     
    washington       

  heindel  r  h   the present position of foreign area studies in the
    u s    ssrc  new york       

  huntington  w  c   the russian translation project three years later  
     russian review   vii  spring         pp        

  jacques  agnes   why students study russian    modern language
    journal   xxxi  december         pp         

  kerner  r  j   slavonic studies in america    slavonic review   iii
     december         pp         

       coordination of slavic studies between the fields of the
      humanities and social studies    aatseel bulletin   vii
       december         pp       

       language study and american education    pmla   lxviii
       september         pp         

  manning  c  a   the slavonic session of the modern language
    association of america    slavonic review   iv         pp  ix x 

       the slavonic group of the modern language association of
      america    slavonic review   v         p  vii 

       slavonic studies in the united states    modern language
      journal   xiii         pp          

       die slawische wissenschaft in den vereinigten staaten  
       osteuropa   v         pp        

       polish and the american universities    poland america   xiii
              pp         

       modern language association of u s a   slavonic group   
       slavonic review   xi         p      

       slavonic studies in the united states    modern language
      journal   xix  march         pp         

       american slavonic    american speech   xi         pp        

       the university and east european cultures    columbia
      university quarterly   xxxiii         pp         

  maslenikov  o  a   slavic studies in america               slavonic
    review   xxv  april         pp         

  matthews  w  k   the language pattern of the u s s r    slavonic
    review   xxvi  april         pp         

  mohrenschildt  d  von   russian studies in the u s    aatseel
    bulletin    march         pp       

       russian area studies and research since world war ii    russian
      review   x  april         pp         

  nagurney  m  j   the teaching of ukrainian in the u s    american
    slavic review   iv  december         pp         

  noyes  g  r   slavic languages at the university of california  
     slavonic review   xxii  american series  iii   october         pp 
          

  ornstein  jacob   a romance language instructor looks at the slavic
    languages    modern language journal   xxxiii  march         pp 
           

       a decade of russian teaching  notes on methodology and
      textbooks    modern language journal   xxxv  april         pp 
             

       facilities and activities of the library of congress in the
      slavic and east european field    american slavic review   xii
       december         pp         

  parry  albert   teaching russian in our schools    tomorrow   x
     december         pp       

  pei  m  a   a rational program for teaching languages in american high
    schools    american slavic review   iv  august         pp         

  posin  j a   russian studies in american colleges    russian review  
    vii  spring         pp        

  riazanovsky  n  v   old russia  the soviet union  and eastern europe  
     american slavic review   xi  october         pp         

  rose  w  j   cradle days of slavic studies some reflections  
     slavistica no      winnipeg       

  rosenbaum  m  w   slavonic studies in america    journal of higher
    education   xvi  january         pp       

  rosicky  rose   a history of the czechs  bohemians  in nebraska  
    omaha       

       russian studies at michigan               aatseel bulletin   v
       june         p     

  schmidt  g  p   colleges in ferment    american historical review  
    lix  october         pp        

  senn  a   college russian  objectives and methods    american slavic
    review   v  may         pp         

       obstacles in the way of slavic studies    aatseel bulletin   vi
       march         pp        

  smal stocki  r   the nationality problem of the soviet union and the
    russian communist imperialism   milwaukee       

  spector  ivan   russian studies in the pacific northwest    slavonic
    review  xxii  american series  iii   october         pp       

  steward  j  h   area research  theory and practice    ssrc bulletin
    no      new york        pp  xix and     

       the slavonic conference at richmond  va     slavonic review  
      iii  march         pp         

  tolpin  j  g   teaching of scientific russian    american slavic
    review   iv  august         pp         

  vakar  n  p   teaching russian civilization    aatseel bulletin   vi
     june         pp        

       teaching russian civilization    aaup bulletin  xxxv  winter 
             pp         

  wellemeyer  j  f   jr  and m  h  north   american personnel in asian 
    african and eastern european studies    mimeographed preliminary
    analysis    acls  washington       

  wiener  leo   the teaching of the slavonic languages    training for
    foreign service    u s  bureau of education bulletin no     
    washington        pp        

  wiren  a  r   the russian student fund              russian review   v
     autumn         pp         

  zenkovsky  s  a   periodicals in the russian language program  
     aatseel bulletin   xi  september         pp       




                                 index


 abel  samuel     

 alliance college                 

 american association for the advancement of slavic studies     

 american association of teachers of slavic and east european languages 
       

 american board of commissioners for foreign missions     

 american committee for liberation from bolshevism     

 american council of learned societies         

 american council on foreign relations             

 american historical association             

 american relief commission      

  american slavic and east european review              

 andrews  arthur i      

 archipenko  alexander     

  armenian review      

 armstrong  hamilton f      

 armstrong  john a      

 army language school     


 bachinsky  dr      

 bacon  leonard c      

 baranov  aleksander       

 barta  alois     

 bender  harold h      

 bergson  abram     

 bienowski  count    

 bilmanis  dr      

 birkenmeyer  joseph     

 bloomfield  maurice     

 bowring  sir john     

 brookings institute     

 bures  vaclav     

 burnett  col      

 burnham  james     

 butler  nicholas m          


 cadet school of warsaw    

 california  university of                                             
       

 cambridge university     

 capek  thomas     

 carnegie corporation     

 carroll college     

 chekhov publishing house     

 chicago  university of                             

 chubaty  nicholas         

 churchill  marlborough     

 chyzhevsky  dmytro     

 clarke  james f      

 cleveland public library     

 coe college     

 coleman  arthur p              

 colorado  university of     

 columbia university                                                 
                                               

 comenius  komensky   jan a     

 conant  kenneth j      

 coolidge  archibald c      

 cornell university     

 crane  charles r      

 creighton university     

 cressey  george b      

 croatian academy of liberal arts and sciences     

 croatian national alliance     

 cross  samuel h                              

 cundy  percival     

 curtin  jeremiah     

 czechoslovak national alliance     


 darbinian  reuben     

 dartmouth college             

 dawson  clarence     

 denver  university of     

 deutsch  babette     

 dobriansky  leo     

 doroshenko  dmytro     

 drizari  nelo     

 dubuque college and seminary     

 duggan  stephan p      

 dumbarton oaks     

 dyboski  roman     


 east european fund  inc           

 ecole des langues orientales  paris     

 eliseeff  serge     


 fay  sidney b      

 faymonville  philip     

 feleky library      

 fisher  h  h      

 fitch  graham d      

 ford foundation         

 fordham university             

  foreign affairs      

 foreign language information service     

 francis skorina society  kryvian      

 franklin  benjamin     

 freiburg  university of     


 gallitzin  golitsyn   prince dimitry    

 gent  william     

 georgetown university                 

 gerschenkron  alexander     

 gilman  pres      

 golder  frank a          

 golitsyn  gallitzin   prince dimitry    

 granovsky  alexander     

 graves  w      


 haiman  mieczyslaw     

 hairenik association     

 halecki  oskar             

 hapgood  isabel f      

 harper  samuel n                  

 harvard university                                                   
                   

 haupt  paul     

 hayne  frank l      

 hawkes  dean h      

 hecker  julius f      

 herrman  augustine    

 heyberger  anna     

 hoover  herbert      

 hoover war library     

 house  edward m              

 hrbek  jeffrey d      

 hrbkova  sarka b          

 hrdlicka  ales     


 indiana  university of     

 institute for advanced study  princeton     

 institute for study of the ussr  munich     

 international baptist seminary     

 iowa  university of                 


 jakobson  roman                 

 jaszy  oskar     

 jefferson  thomas    

 jena  university of     

 joffe  judah a      

 johns hopkins university         

 joint committee on slavic studies         

 jones  r  w      

  journal of central european history      

  journal of east european history      


 karpovich  michael             

 kaun  alexander             

 kaunas  university of     

 kelly  eric p          

 kennan  george         

 kennan  george f      

 kerner  robert j                      

 knizek  charles     

 kodiak       

 komensky  comenius   jan a     

 komensky educational clubs     

 kosciuszko foundation         

 kosciuszko  tadeusz           

 koshits  alexander     

 koukol  alois e      

 kovach  michael    

 kovalevsky  maxim     

 krakow  university of         

 kridl  manfred         


 lafayette college         

 lanz  henry         

 leacock  stephen     

 ledbetter  eleanor     

 lednicki  waclaw             

 lee  charles    

 lerando  leon z              

 le tallec  paul     

 lewis  john d      

 lewis  william d          

 library of congress     

 lisovsky  adm      

 liverpool  university of     

 london  university of  school of slavonic and east european studies 
                   

 lord  eric     

 lord  robert h      


 magoun  francis p   jr      

 mandell  max s          

 manitoba  university of      

 manning  clarence a                                  

 marquette university         

 martinovitch  nicholas n      

 maryland  university of     

 masaryk institute     

 masaryk  thomas g      

 maslenikov  oleg         

 matice vyssoho vzdelani     

 mccroskey  benjamin b      

 mcgill university     

 meader  clarence l      

 mediaeval academy of america     

 mencken  h  l       

 menges  karl h      

 menut  albert     

 michela  joseph a      

 michigan  university of         

 mid european studies center     

 milyukov  paul     

 minnesota  university of     

 mirsky  prince d  s      

 miskovsky  louis f      

 missouri  university of     

 mitana  thaddeus     

 modern language association of america         

 mogilat  elena t          

 mohrenschildt  d  von     

 monroe  will s      

 morawski nawench  albert     

 mosely  philip s          

 murray  w  s      

 myshuha  luke     


 nra     

 nebraska  university of                 

 new jersey normal school  montclair     

 new york public library     

 new york state historical society      

 new york university         

 niemciewicz  juljusz u     

 notre dame university         

 noyes  george r                      


 oberlin college     

 odlozilik  otokar     

 ohio state university     

 oxford university     


 paderewski  ignace j      

 pares  sir bernard  k b e          

 pasvolsky  leo     

 patrick  george z                          

 pennsylvania  university of         

 percival  james g      

 phelps  william lyon     

 piatkowski  romuald     

 pipal  f  j      

 pisek  rev  vincent     

 pittsburgh  university of     

  poland      

 polish historical society     

 polish institute of arts and sciences in america   bulletin          

 polish national alliance         

  polish review      

 polish roman catholic union              

 posin  jack a          

 prince  john d                          

 princeton university             

 prokosch  b      

 pulaski  casimir        

 pupin  michael i              


 radio free europe     

 radosavljevich  paul r      

 rejcha  frank     

 reshetar  john     

 rezanov  nikolay       

 robinson  rev  edward     

 robinson  geroid t              

 rockefeller foundation     

 rose  william j      

 rosicky  john     

 rostovtseff  m      

 rudnyckyj  jaroslav      

 rumford  count benjamin t      

 russian orthodox seminary     

  russian review      


 st  basil s college         

 st  francis seminary     

 st  mary s seminary     

 st  procopius college         

 st  vincent college     

 st  vladimir s russian orthodox seminary     

 santa barbara mission    

 schmitt  bernadotte     

 schuyler  eugene     

 senn  alfred         

 serb national federation     

 serb national university     

 seton watson  r  w          

 severa  g  f      

 shelikov  grigory       

 shevchenko scientific society               

 shevelov  george     

 shipman  a  j      

 shishmanov  dimitar     

 simek  bohumil         

 simkhovich  vladimir     

 simmons  ernest j                      

 slabey  rev  andrew     

  slavic and east european journal      

  slavonic and east european review              

  slovan americky      

 slovanska lipa society     

 smal stocki  roman             

 smith college     

 smithsonian institution     

 social science research council     

 society for advancement of slavonic study         

 southern california  university of     

 spector  ivar     

  speculum          

 stanoyevich  milivoy s      

 stanford university                              

 stepanek  orin         

 strakhovsky  leonid i          

 strassburg  university of     

 struve  gleb     

 subotic  d      

 syracuse  university of         


 talvj     

 texas  university of         

 thomson  s  h          

 tikhon  patriarch     

 timoshenko  stephen     

 timoshenko  volodymyr     

 toronto  university of     

 tufts college     

 turkevich  rev  leonid     


 ukrainian free academy of sciences          

 ukrainian free university         

 ukrainian museums      

 ukrainian national association             

 ukrainian providence association     

  ukrainian quarterly      

 ukrainian workingmen s association     

 unbegaun  boris     


 van deman  ralph     

 vasilieff  a  a      

 vasmer  max     

 vernadsky  george         

 vienna  university of     

 vocadlo  otakar     


 walsh  rev  edmund     

 washington  university of     

 white ruthenian institute of arts and sciences     

 whitfield  francis j      

 wiener  leo                 

 wisconsin  university of                     


 yale university                         

 yarmolinsky  avrahm         

 yeaton  ivan     


 zeboroski  zabriskie     

 zenger  john peter    

 zinzendorf  count    

     

footnote   

  w  h  prescott   conquest of peru   philadelphia          ii  p      

footnote   

  professor otokar vocadlo of the university of bratislava visited in
       some of the missions and came to the conclusion that they
  included slavic monks 

footnote   

  m  haiman   polish past in america              chicago   polish roman
  catholic union   

footnote   

  j  d  prince   the jersey dutch dialect    dialect notes  iii  
          pp           the usual modern form is  zabriskie  

footnote   

  thomas capek   augustin herrman zakladatel bohemia manor r       a
  autor mapy statu virginie a marylandu    praha  vytiskla statni
  tiskarna          dictionary of american biography   new york  charles
  scribner s sons         viii  p      

footnote   

  robert j  kerner   bohemia in the eighteenth century   new york 
  macmillan         p      

footnote   

  clarence manning   soldier of liberty  casimir pulaski   new york 
  philosophical library         p      

footnote   

  m  haiman   poland and the american revolutionary war   chicago 
  polish roman catholic union        

footnote   

  for data on major general charles lee  see  ibid    p    

footnote    

  for data on prince gallitzin  golitsyn    cf    dictionary of american
  biography   new york  charles scribner s sons        viii  p       d 
  sargent   mitri  the story of prince demitrius augustine gallitzin  
             new york  longmans  green and co   inc         

footnote    

  h  c  brown   valentine s manual of the city of new york   new series
  i  new york  valentine co          p     

footnote    

  haiman   op  cit    p      

footnote    

  clarence manning   russian influence in early america   new york 
  library publisher         pp         

footnote    

  thomas capek   history of the bohemians  czechs  in america   chicago 
         rose rosicky   a history of czechs  bohemians  in nebraska 
   omaha  czech historical society of nebraska         p     ff 

footnote    

  there is a large literature on various facets of this mass
  immigration  t  capek   the history of the bohemians  czechs  in
  america   the works of various polish sociologists   propamyatna
  knyha    jubilee book  of the ukrainian national association    jersey
  city  n j   svoboda press         m  i  pupin   from immigrant to
  inventor   new york  chas  scribner s sons        

footnote    

  clarence a  manning   russian influence in early america   also  the
  following articles on the history and development of russian
  institutions bishop leonty   history of russian orthodox church in
  america    russian orthodox journal   vol  xvi  no          march apr 
         vol  xvii  no            june  aug        march        vol 
  xviii  no            june  aug        march        vol  xix  no      
   aug   oct        

footnote    

  cf   a  p  coleman   a new england city and the november uprisings  
   annals of the polish roman catholic union archives and museum  
   chicago         iv  p     ff 

footnote    

   dictionary of american biography   xi  p       l  wiener   anthology
  of russian literature   new york  g  p  putnam s          i  viii  ii 
  v 

footnote    

   dictionary of american biography   xiv  p       a  p  coleman   james
  gates percival and slavonic culture    slavia    san francisco   xvi 
  no     pp        

footnote    

  for talvj  mrs  edward robinson   see  dictionary of american
  biography   xvi  p      l  wiener   op  cit    i  ix 

footnote    

   dictionary of american biography   iv  p      

footnote    

   ibid    xvi  p      

footnote    

   ibid    x  p      

footnote    

   ibid    viii  p      

footnote    

  for the general history of slavic studies during the period  see 
  kerner   slavonic studies in america    slavonic review   iii  pp 
           manning   slavonic studies in the united states    modern
  language journal   xiii         pp           xix         pp          
   polish and the american universities    poland america    n y   xiii 
  pp          

footnote    

  for coolidge  see  dictionary of american biography   iv  p      

footnote    

  for a recent description of this  see george kennan   russia leaves
  the war    princeton  n  j   princeton university press        

footnote    

   cf    propamyatna knyha   jubilee book   especially  o  stetkevych
   joseph stetkewych    ukrayinske shkilnytstvo v amerytsi   pp      ff 

footnote    

  thomas capek   history of the bohemians  czechs  in america   p     
  f 

footnote    

  facts concerning the history of alliance college have been supplied by
  president coleman 

footnote    

  concerning oberlin  cf   teaching of area and language course in the
  field of slavic and east european studies    american slavic and east
  european review   iv         pp     ff 

footnote    

  rosicky   op  cit    pp      ff 

footnote    

   ibid    pp      ff 

footnote    

  thomas capek   history of bohemians  czechs  in america  

footnote    

  c  w  hasek   the slavonic languages and literatures in american
  colleges and universities   washington         manning   slavonic
  studies in the united states    modern language journal   xix         
  pp      ff    slavonic group of the modern language association of
  u s a   slavonic group     slavonic review   xi         p        the
  university and east european cultures    columbia university
  quarterly   xxxiii         pp            die slawische wissenschaft in
  den vereinigten staaten    osteuropa   v         pp          

footnote    

  kelly left slavonic studies in      to take up journalism  for details
  on his career   cf    who s who in america   vol      p       

footnote    

   bulletin of the polish institute of arts and sciences in america   i 
  p       carries the obituary of joseph birkenmeyer 

footnote    

  oleg maslenikov   slavic studies in america               slavonic
  review          xxv  pp          

footnote    

  obituaries of these leaders appear as follows  prince   american
  slavic and east european review   iv  cross   ibid    v  lanz 
   ibid    iv  patrick   ibid    iv  kaun   ibid    iv 

footnote    

  m  j  nagurney   the teaching of ukrainian in the u s     american
  slavic and east european review   iv         pp          

footnote    

  noyes   slavic languages at the university of california    slavonic
  review   american series iii         xxii  pp        

footnote    

  i  spector   russian studies in the pacific northwest    slavonic
  review   american series iii         xxii  pp        

footnote    

  p  n  malevsky malevich   ed     russia ussr   new york         p     

footnote    

   third annual report              the east european fund  inc   new
  york         pp         

footnote    

   area study program the soviet union and eastern europe    university
  of illinois         p     

                                                                        




                      the marquette slavic studies


              published by the marquette university press
                         milwaukee    wisconsin

    i   the doctrine of anarchism of michael a  bakunin         by
         eugene pyziur 

   ii   hitler s occupation of ukraine                     by ihor
         kamenetsky 

  iii   history of slavic studies in the united states         by
         clarence a  manning 

     available in paper or case bindings    prices on application  




             history of slavic studies in the united states


both world wars during the twentieth century originated in the slavic
countries and in the efforts of various slavic groups to obtain and
retain their national independence and the right to their own language
and culture  currently  russian communist imperialism overshadows the
slavic countries  once again threatening their national heritage and
creating new world tensions 

since aggression in the slavic countries has twice resulted in global
wars  the united states  as well as the entire western world  has begun
to concentrate attention upon the slavs  their history  their culture 
their aspirations 

one phenomenon which sharply differentiates the scope of slavic and east
european studies in the united states from the purely academic studies
elsewhere in the world  is the presence in this country of ten million
slavic immigrants and their descendents  who have played an increasingly
vital role in our national culture by blending their native qualities 
knowledge and traditions into the american heritage 

public and educational leaders in the united states are seriously
supporting attempts to develop a slavic scholarship commensurate with
american educational traditions   a history of slavic studies in the
united states  points to the gradual evolution of slavic and east
european studies in this country and points out some of the more hopeful
paths for future education  so that the united states may make the best
use of the resources  both intellectual and material  that it has at its
disposal 

 illustration  marquette university press 


                     the marquette university press
                            w  wisconsin avenue 
                         milwaukee    wisconsin

                                                                        




                          transcriber s notes


   typos fixed  non standard spelling and dialect retained 
   used numbers for footnotes  placing them all at the end of the last
     chapter 
   enclosed italics font in  underscores  





    end of the project gutenberg ebook a history of slavic studies in the united states    


    

updated editions will replace the previous one the old editions will
be renamed 

creating the works from print editions not protected by u s  copyright
law means that no one owns a united states copyright in these works 
so the foundation  and you   can copy and distribute it in the united
states without permission and without paying copyright
royalties  special rules  set forth in the general terms of use part
of this license  apply to copying and distributing project
gutenberg  electronic works to protect the project gutenberg 
concept and trademark  project gutenberg is a registered trademark 
and may not be used if you charge for an ebook  except by following
the terms of the trademark license  including paying royalties for use
of the project gutenberg trademark  if you do not charge anything for
copies of this ebook  complying with the trademark license is very
easy  you may use this ebook for nearly any purpose such as creation
of derivative works  reports  performances and research  project
gutenberg ebooks may be modified and printed and given away you may
do practically anything in the united states with ebooks not protected
by u s  copyright law  redistribution is subject to the trademark
license  especially commercial redistribution 


start  full license

the full project gutenberg license

please read this before you distribute or use this work

to protect the project gutenberg  mission of promoting the free
distribution of electronic works  by using or distributing this work
 or any other work associated in any way with the phrase  project
gutenberg    you agree to comply with all the terms of the full
project gutenberg  license available with this file or online at
www gutenberg org license 

section    general terms of use and redistributing project gutenberg 
electronic works

  a  by reading or using any part of this project gutenberg 
electronic work  you indicate that you have read  understand  agree to
and accept all the terms of this license and intellectual property
 trademark copyright  agreement  if you do not agree to abide by all
the terms of this agreement  you must cease using and return or
destroy all copies of project gutenberg  electronic works in your
possession  if you paid a fee for obtaining a copy of or access to a
project gutenberg  electronic work and you do not agree to be bound
by the terms of this agreement  you may obtain a refund from the person
or entity to whom you paid the fee as set forth in paragraph   e   

  b   project gutenberg  is a registered trademark  it may only be
used on or associated in any way with an electronic work by people who
agree to be bound by the terms of this agreement  there are a few
things that you can do with most project gutenberg  electronic works
even without complying with the full terms of this agreement  see
paragraph   c below  there are a lot of things you can do with project
gutenberg  electronic works if you follow the terms of this
agreement and help preserve free future access to project gutenberg 
electronic works  see paragraph   e below 

  c  the project gutenberg literary archive foundation   the
foundation  or pglaf   owns a compilation copyright in the collection
of project gutenberg  electronic works  nearly all the individual
works in the collection are in the public domain in the united
states  if an individual work is unprotected by copyright law in the
united states and you are located in the united states  we do not
claim a right to prevent you from copying  distributing  performing 
displaying or creating derivative works based on the work as long as
all references to project gutenberg are removed  of course  we hope
that you will support the project gutenberg  mission of promoting
free access to electronic works by freely sharing project gutenberg 
works in compliance with the terms of this agreement for keeping the
project gutenberg  name associated with the work  you can easily
comply with the terms of this agreement by keeping this work in the
same format with its attached full project gutenberg  license when
you share it without charge with others 

  d  the copyright laws of the place where you are located also govern
what you can do with this work  copyright laws in most countries are
in a constant state of change  if you are outside the united states 
check the laws of your country in addition to the terms of this
agreement before downloading  copying  displaying  performing 
distributing or creating derivative works based on this work or any
other project gutenberg  work  the foundation makes no
representations concerning the copyright status of any work in any
country other than the united states 

  e  unless you have removed all references to project gutenberg 

  e    the following sentence  with active links to  or other
immediate access to  the full project gutenberg  license must appear
prominently whenever any copy of a project gutenberg  work  any work
on which the phrase  project gutenberg  appears  or with which the
phrase  project gutenberg  is associated  is accessed  displayed 
performed  viewed  copied or distributed 

    this ebook is for the use of anyone anywhere in the united states and most
    other parts of the world at no cost and with almost no restrictions
    whatsoever  you may copy it  give it away or re use it under the terms
    of the project gutenberg license included with this ebook or online
    at www gutenberg org  if you
    are not located in the united states  you will have to check the laws
    of the country where you are located before using this ebook 
  
  e    if an individual project gutenberg  electronic work is
derived from texts not protected by u s  copyright law  does not
contain a notice indicating that it is posted with permission of the
copyright holder   the work can be copied and distributed to anyone in
the united states without paying any fees or charges  if you are
redistributing or providing access to a work with the phrase  project
gutenberg  associated with or appearing on the work  you must comply
either with the requirements of paragraphs   e   through   e   or
obtain permission for the use of the work and the project gutenberg 
trademark as set forth in paragraphs   e   or   e   

  e    if an individual project gutenberg  electronic work is posted
with the permission of the copyright holder  your use and distribution
must comply with both paragraphs   e   through   e   and any
additional terms imposed by the copyright holder  additional terms
will be linked to the project gutenberg  license for all works
posted with the permission of the copyright holder found at the
beginning of this work 

  e    do not unlink or detach or remove the full project gutenberg 
license terms from this work  or any files containing a part of this
work or any other work associated with project gutenberg  

  e    do not copy  display  perform  distribute or redistribute this
electronic work  or any part of this electronic work  without
prominently displaying the sentence set forth in paragraph   e   with
active links or immediate access to the full terms of the project
gutenberg  license 

  e    you may convert to and distribute this work in any binary 
compressed  marked up  nonproprietary or proprietary form  including
any word processing or hypertext form  however  if you provide access
to or distribute copies of a project gutenberg  work in a format
other than  plain vanilla ascii  or other format used in the official
version posted on the official project gutenberg  website
 www gutenberg org   you must  at no additional cost  fee or expense
to the user  provide a copy  a means of exporting a copy  or a means
of obtaining a copy upon request  of the work in its original  plain
vanilla ascii  or other form  any alternate format must include the
full project gutenberg  license as specified in paragraph   e   

  e    do not charge a fee for access to  viewing  displaying 
performing  copying or distributing any project gutenberg  works
unless you comply with paragraph   e   or   e   

  e    you may charge a reasonable fee for copies of or providing
access to or distributing project gutenberg  electronic works
provided that 

      you pay a royalty fee of     of the gross profits you derive from
        the use of project gutenberg  works calculated using the method
        you already use to calculate your applicable taxes  the fee is owed
        to the owner of the project gutenberg  trademark  but he has
        agreed to donate royalties under this paragraph to the project
        gutenberg literary archive foundation  royalty payments must be paid
        within    days following each date on which you prepare  or are
        legally required to prepare  your periodic tax returns  royalty
        payments should be clearly marked as such and sent to the project
        gutenberg literary archive foundation at the address specified in
        section     information about donations to the project gutenberg
        literary archive foundation  
    
      you provide a full refund of any money paid by a user who notifies
        you in writing  or by e mail  within    days of receipt that s he
        does not agree to the terms of the full project gutenberg 
        license  you must require such a user to return or destroy all
        copies of the works possessed in a physical medium and discontinue
        all use of and all access to other copies of project gutenberg 
        works 
    
      you provide  in accordance with paragraph   f    a full refund of
        any money paid for a work or a replacement copy  if a defect in the
        electronic work is discovered and reported to you within    days of
        receipt of the work 
    
      you comply with all other terms of this agreement for free
        distribution of project gutenberg  works 
    

  e    if you wish to charge a fee or distribute a project
gutenberg  electronic work or group of works on different terms than
are set forth in this agreement  you must obtain permission in writing
from the project gutenberg literary archive foundation  the manager of
the project gutenberg  trademark  contact the foundation as set
forth in section   below 

  f 

  f    project gutenberg volunteers and employees expend considerable
effort to identify  do copyright research on  transcribe and proofread
works not protected by u s  copyright law in creating the project
gutenberg  collection  despite these efforts  project gutenberg 
electronic works  and the medium on which they may be stored  may
contain  defects   such as  but not limited to  incomplete  inaccurate
or corrupt data  transcription errors  a copyright or other
intellectual property infringement  a defective or damaged disk or
other medium  a computer virus  or computer codes that damage or
cannot be read by your equipment 

  f    limited warranty  disclaimer of damages   except for the  right
of replacement or refund  described in paragraph   f    the project
gutenberg literary archive foundation  the owner of the project
gutenberg  trademark  and any other party distributing a project
gutenberg  electronic work under this agreement  disclaim all
liability to you for damages  costs and expenses  including legal
fees  you agree that you have no remedies for negligence  strict
liability  breach of warranty or breach of contract except those
provided in paragraph   f    you agree that the foundation  the
trademark owner  and any distributor under this agreement will not be
liable to you for actual  direct  indirect  consequential  punitive or
incidental damages even if you give notice of the possibility of such
damage 

  f    limited right of replacement or refund   if you discover a
defect in this electronic work within    days of receiving it  you can
receive a refund of the money  if any  you paid for it by sending a
written explanation to the person you received the work from  if you
received the work on a physical medium  you must return the medium
with your written explanation  the person or entity that provided you
with the defective work may elect to provide a replacement copy in
lieu of a refund  if you received the work electronically  the person
or entity providing it to you may choose to give you a second
opportunity to receive the work electronically in lieu of a refund  if
the second copy is also defective  you may demand a refund in writing
without further opportunities to fix the problem 

  f    except for the limited right of replacement or refund set forth
in paragraph   f    this work is provided to you  as is   with no
other warranties of any kind  express or implied  including but not
limited to warranties of merchantability or fitness for any purpose 

  f    some states do not allow disclaimers of certain implied
warranties or the exclusion or limitation of certain types of
damages  if any disclaimer or limitation set forth in this agreement
violates the law of the state applicable to this agreement  the
agreement shall be interpreted to make the maximum disclaimer or
limitation permitted by the applicable state law  the invalidity or
unenforceability of any provision of this agreement shall not void the
remaining provisions 

  f    indemnity   you agree to indemnify and hold the foundation  the
trademark owner  any agent or employee of the foundation  anyone
providing copies of project gutenberg  electronic works in
accordance with this agreement  and any volunteers associated with the
production  promotion and distribution of project gutenberg 
electronic works  harmless from all liability  costs and expenses 
including legal fees  that arise directly or indirectly from any of
the following which you do or cause to occur   a  distribution of this
or any project gutenberg  work   b  alteration  modification  or
additions or deletions to any project gutenberg  work  and  c  any
defect you cause 

section    information about the mission of project gutenberg 

project gutenberg  is synonymous with the free distribution of
electronic works in formats readable by the widest variety of
computers including obsolete  old  middle aged and new computers  it
exists because of the efforts of hundreds of volunteers and donations
from people in all walks of life 

volunteers and financial support to provide volunteers with the
assistance they need are critical to reaching project gutenberg  s
goals and ensuring that the project gutenberg  collection will
remain freely available for generations to come  in       the project
gutenberg literary archive foundation was created to provide a secure
and permanent future for project gutenberg  and future
generations  to learn more about the project gutenberg literary
archive foundation and how your efforts and donations can help  see
sections   and   and the foundation information page at www gutenberg org 

section    information about the project gutenberg literary archive foundation

the project gutenberg literary archive foundation is a non profit
    c     educational corporation organized under the laws of the
state of mississippi and granted tax exempt status by the internal
revenue service  the foundation s ein or federal tax identification
number is             contributions to the project gutenberg literary
archive foundation are tax deductible to the full extent permitted by
u s  federal laws and your state s laws 

the foundation s business office is located at     north      west 
salt lake city  ut                        email contact links and up
to date contact information can be found at the foundation s website
and official page at www gutenberg org contact

section    information about donations to the project gutenberg
literary archive foundation

project gutenberg  depends upon and cannot survive without widespread
public support and donations to carry out its mission of
increasing the number of public domain and licensed works that can be
freely distributed in machine readable form accessible by the widest
array of equipment including outdated equipment  many small donations
    to         are particularly important to maintaining tax exempt
status with the irs 

the foundation is committed to complying with the laws regulating
charities and charitable donations in all    states of the united
states  compliance requirements are not uniform and it takes a
considerable effort  much paperwork and many fees to meet and keep up
with these requirements  we do not solicit donations in locations
where we have not received written confirmation of compliance  to send
donations or determine the status of compliance for any particular state
visit www gutenberg org donate 

while we cannot and do not solicit contributions from states where we
have not met the solicitation requirements  we know of no prohibition
against accepting unsolicited donations from donors in such states who
approach us with offers to donate 

international donations are gratefully accepted  but we cannot make
any statements concerning tax treatment of donations received from
outside the united states  u s  laws alone swamp our small staff 

please check the project gutenberg web pages for current donation
methods and addresses  donations are accepted in a number of other
ways including checks  online payments and credit card donations  to
donate  please visit  www gutenberg org donate 

section    general information about project gutenberg  electronic works

professor michael s  hart was the originator of the project
gutenberg  concept of a library of electronic works that could be
freely shared with anyone  for forty years  he produced and
distributed project gutenberg  ebooks with only a loose network of
volunteer support 

project gutenberg  ebooks are often created from several printed
editions  all of which are confirmed as not protected by copyright in
the u s  unless a copyright notice is included  thus  we do not
necessarily keep ebooks in compliance with any particular paper
edition 

most people start at our website which has the main pg search
facility  www gutenberg org 

this website includes information about project gutenberg  
including how to make donations to the project gutenberg literary
archive foundation  how to help produce our new ebooks  and how to
subscribe to our email newsletter to hear about new ebooks 


