 the project gutenberg ebook of the romance of lust  a classic victorian erotic novel
    
this ebook is for the use of anyone anywhere in the united states and
most other parts of the world at no cost and with almost no restrictions
whatsoever  you may copy it  give it away or re use it under the terms
of the project gutenberg license included with this ebook or online
at www gutenberg org  if you are not located in the united states 
you will have to check the laws of the country where you are located
before using this ebook 

title  the romance of lust  a classic victorian erotic novel

author  anonymous

release date  october           ebook        
                most recently updated  october         

language  english

credits  daniel fromont
        revised by richard tonsing 


    start of the project gutenberg ebook the romance of lust  a classic victorian erotic novel    

 the romance of lust

       

 a classic victorian erotic novel

      edition


 by anonymous




 contents


volume i

volume ii

volume iii

volume iv




volume i 


contents


the novice mrs  benson mary mrs  benson s correspondence with mrs 
egerton miss evelyn eliza

there were three of us mary  eliza  and myself  i was approaching
fifteen  mary was about a year younger  and eliza between twelve and
thirteen years of age  mamma treated us all as children  and was blind
to the fact that i was no longer what i had been  although not tall for
my age  nor outwardly presenting a manly appearance  my passions were
awakening  and the distinctive feature of my sex  although in repose it
looked magnificent enough  was very sufficiently developed when under
the influence of feminine excitement 

as yet  i had absolutely no knowledge of the uses of the different
organs of sex  my sisters and i all slept in the same room  they
together in one bed  i alone in another  when no one was present  we had
often mutually examined the different formations of our sexes 

we had discovered that mutual handlings gave a certain amount of
pleasing sensation  and  latterly  my eldest sister had discovered that
the hooding and unhooding of my doodle  as she called it  instantly
caused it to swell up and stiffen as hard as a piece of wood  my feeling
of her little pinky slit gave rise in her to nice sensations  but on the
slightest attempt to insert even my finger  the pain was too great  we
had made so little progress in the  attouchements  that not the
slightest inkling of what could be done in that way dawned upon us  i
had begun to develop a slight growth of moss like curls round the root
of my cock  and then  to our surprise  mary began to show a similar
tendency  as yet  eliza was as bald as her hand  but both were prettily
formed  with wonderfully full and fat mounts of venus  we were perfectly
innocent of guile and quite habituated to let each other look at all our
naked bodies without the slightest hesitation  and when playing in the
garden  if one wanted to relieve the pressure on the bladder  we all
squatted down together  and crossed waters  each trying who could piddle
fastest  notwithstanding these symptoms of passion when excited  in a
state of calm i might have passed for a boy of ten or eleven 

my father had left us but moderately provided for  and mamma  wishing to
live comfortably  preferred giving me lessons along with my sisters at
home to sending me to school  but her health beginning to fail  she
inserted an advertisement in the  times  for a governess  out of a large
number of applicants  a young lady  of the name of evelyn  was selected 
some ten days afterwards she arrived  and became one of the family 

we did not see much of her the first evening  but after breakfast the
following morning  mamma accompanied her to what was considered our
schoolroom  and said   now  my dears  i place you under miss evelyn s
care  you must obey her in all things  she will teach you your lessons 
as i am unable to do so any longer   then  turning to our new governess 
 i fear you will find them somewhat spoiled  and unruly  but there is a
horse  and susan will make you excellent birch rods whenever you require
them  if you spare their bottoms when they deserve whipping  you will
seriously offend me   as mamma said this  i observed miss evelyn s eyes
appeared to dilate with a sort of joy  and i felt certain that  severely
as mamma had often whipped us  if we should now deserve it  miss evelyn
would administer it much more severely  she looked amiability itself 
and was truly beautiful in face and person  twenty two years of age 
full and finely formed  and dressed always with the most studied
neatness  she was  in truth  a seductive creature  she made an
instantaneous impression on my senses  there was  however  somewhat of a
sternness of expression  and a dignity of carriage  which caused at once
to fear and respect her  of course  at first  all went smoothly enough 
and seeing that mamma treated me precisely as she did my sisters  i came
to be regarded as quite a child by miss evelyn  she found that she had
to sleep in the same room with my sisters and myself  i fancied that on
the first night miss evelyn did not approve of this arrangement  but
gradually became familiarized with it  and seemed to think no more about
it 

when bedtime came  we all kissed mamma and retired early  as usual  miss
evelyn followed some hours later  when she came in  she carefully locked
the door  then looked at me to see if i was asleep  why  i know not  but
i was instinctively prompted to feign sleep  i did so successfully 
notwithstanding the passing of the candle before my eyes  so she at once
commenced undressing  when her back was turned  i opened my eyes  and
greedily devoured her naked charms as they were gradually exhibited
before me  the moment she turned round  i was again as if asleep  i have
said that my passions had begun to develop themselves  but as yet i did
not understand their force or direction  i well remember this first
night  when a fine ripe woman gradually removed every particle of dress
within a couple of yards of me the effect of each succeeding charm  from
her lovely and beautifully formed bubbies to the taking off her shoes
and stockings from her well formed legs and small feet and ankles 
caused my prick to swell and stiffen to a painful extent  when all but
her chemise was removed  she stopped to pick up her petticoats that she
had allowed to fall to her feet  and in lifting them  raised also her
chemise  and exposed to my view a most glorious bottom dazzlingly white
and shining like satin  as the light was full upon it  and she was still
in a stooping position  i could see that below her slit she was well
covered with dark hair  turning round  to put her petticoats on a chair 
and to take up her nightgown  she slipped her chemise from her arm  and
letting it fall to the ground while she lifted the nightgown over her
head  i had for some seconds a view of her beautiful belly  thickly
covered with dark curly hair over the mount of venus  so voluptuous was
the sight  i almost shuddered  so intense was my excitement  she now sat
down on the bed to take off her shoes and stockings  oh  what beautiful
thighs  legs  ankles  and feet she had 

i am now advanced in life  and have had many handsome and well formed
women  but i never saw limbs more voluptuously formed 

in a few minutes the light was extinguished  and a rushing rill flowed
into the night vase  very different from the gentle tricklings from
myself and sisters as we often squatted down opposite each other and
crossed water  laughing at the different sources from which they flowed 
my sisters often envied me the power of directing the spurt where i
pleased  so little were we from dreaming of the real intent of that
projecting little instrument 

i heard the charming creature get into bed  and shortly breathe hard  as
for me  i could not sleep  i lay awake the greater part of the night 
afraid to be restless  lest i should disturb miss evelyn and give her
reason to think i had been observant of her undressing  when at last i
dozed off  it was but to dream of all the charms i had seen 

about a month passed thus  every night miss evelyn became more and more
at her ease  and confident of my mere childishness  often gave me
glorious and lengthened glimpses of her beautifully developed charms 
although it was only about every other night that i could enjoy them 
for  as they always produced sleeplessness afterwards  the following
night nature assured her rights  and i usually slept profoundly when i
would have preferred continued gazing on the charms of my lovely
governess  but  doubtless  those exhausting sleeps helped to throw her
off her guard  and gave me better opportunities than i should otherwise
have had  once or twice she used the night ware before putting on her
nightgown  and i could see the rosy lipped opening embosomed in
exquisite dark curls  pouring out its full measure of water  showing a
fine force of nature  and driving me wild with excitement  yet it is
singular that i never once thought of applying to my fingers for relief
from the painful stiffness that nearly burst my prick asunder 

whether mamma had observed my very frequent projection of my trousers 
or began to think it better i should not sleep in the same room as miss
evelyn  i cannot say  but she had my bed removed into her own  however 
i was so thoroughly treated as a mere boy by everyone in the house  that
miss evelyn seemed to forget my sex  and there was at all times a
freedom of carriage and an  abandon  in her attitudes that she certainly
would not have indulged in if she had felt any restraint from
considering herself in the presence of a youth of the age of puberty 

in cold weather i used to sit on a low stool by the fire miss evelyn was
seated in front  i had my lesson book on my knee  and she herself would
place her beautiful feet on the high school fender  with her work in her
lap  while she heard my sisters repeat their lesson  totally unconscious
that for half an hour at a time she was exposing her beautiful legs and
thighs to my ardent gaze  for sitting much below her  and bending my
head as if intent on my lesson  my eyes were below her raised
petticoats  her close and tight fitting white stockings displayed her
well formed legs  for while confined to the house during our morning
lessons she did not wear drawers  so that in the position she sat in 
with her knees higher than her feet on the already high fender  and her
legs somewhat apart to hold her work in her lap more easily  the whole
glorious underswell of both thighs  and the lower part of her fine large
bottom  with the pinky slit quite visible  nestled in a rich profusion
of dark curls  were fully exposed to my view  the light from the fire
glancing under her raised petticoats tinged the whole with a glow  and
set me equally in a blaze of desire until i was almost ready to faint  i
could have rushed headlong under her petticoats  and kissed and fondled
that delicious opening and all its surroundings  oh  how little she
thought of the passion she was raising  oh  dear miss evelyn  how i did
love you from the dainty kid slipper and tight glossy silk stocking  up
to the glorious swell of the beautiful bubbies  that were so fully
exposed to me nearly every night  and the lovely lips of all that i
longed to lovingly embrace 

thus day after day passed away  and miss evelyn became to me a goddess 
a creature whom  in my heart of hearts  i literally worshiped  when she
left the schoolroom  and i was alone  i kissed that part of the fender
her feet had pressed  and the seat on which she sat  and even the air an
inch above  imagination placing there her lovely cunt  i craved for
something beyond this without knowing exactly what i wanted  for  as
yet  i really was utterly ignorant of anything appertaining to the
conjunction of the sexes 

one day i had gone up to my sisters  bedroom where the governess slept 
that i might throw myself on her bed  and in imagination embrace her
beautiful body  i heard someone approaching  and knowing that i had no
business there  i hid myself under the bed  the next moment miss evelyn
herself entered  and locked the door  it was about an hour before
dinner  taking off her dress  and hanging it on the wardrobe  she drew
out a piece of furniture  which had been bought for her  the use of
which had often puzzled me  she took off the lid  poured water into its
basin  and placed a sponge near it  she then took off her gown  drew her
petticoats and chemise up to her waist and fastened them there 
straddled across it  and seated herself upon it 

i thus had the intoxicating delight of gazing on all her beautiful
charms  for when she tucked up her clothes she stood before her glass 
presenting to my devouring glance her glorious white bottom in all its
fullness  turning to approach the bidet  she equally exposed her lower
belly and beautiful mount  with all its wealth of hair  while straddling
over the bidet before she sat down  the whole of her pinky lipped cunt
broke on my enraptured sight  never shall i forget the wild excitement
of the moment  it was almost too much for my excited senses 
fortunately  when seated  the immediate cause of my almost madness
vanished  she sponged herself well between the thighs for about five
minutes  she then raised herself off the bidet  and for a moment again
displayed the pouting lips of her cunt then stood fronting me for two or
three minutes while she removed  with the rinsed sponge  the trickling
drops of water which still gathered on the rich bush of curls around her
quim  thus her belly  mount and thighs  whose massy fleshed and most
voluptuous shape were more fully seen by me than they had heretofore
been  and it may easily be conceived into what a state such a deliberate
view threw me 

oh  miss evelyn  dear  delicious miss evelyn  what would you have
thought had you known that i was gazing on all your angelic charms  and
that my eager eyes had been straining themselves to penetrate the
richness of those charming pouting lips which lay so snugly in that rich
mass of dark curling hair  oh  how i do long to kiss them  for at that
time i had no other idea of embracing and still less of penetrating
them 

when her ablutions were completed  she sat down and drew off her
stockings  displaying her beautiful white calves and charming little
feet  i believe it was this first admiration of really exquisitely
formed legs  ankles and feet  which were extraordinarily perfect in
make  that first awakened my passion for those objects  which have since
always exercised a peculiar charm over me  she was also so particularly
neat in her shoes little dark ones that were  bijoux  to look at  i
often took them up and kissed them  when left in the room  then her silk
stockings  always drawn up tight and fitting like a glove  set off to
the greatest advantage the remarkable fine shape of her legs 

putting on silk for cotton stockings  she took down a low bodiced dress 
finished her toilet  and left the room  i crawled out from under the
bed  washed my face and hands in the water of the bidet  and even drank
some in my excitement 

some six weeks had now elapsed since the arrival of miss evelyn  the
passion that had seized me for her had so far kept me most obedient to
her slightest command  or even wish  and  from the same cause  attentive
to my lessons  when not distracted by the circumstances already
detailed  my example had also had the effect of keeping my sisters much
in the same groove  but it was impossible this could last it was not
nature  as long as all went smoothly  miss evelyn seemed to be all
amiability  we fancied we could do as we liked  and we grew more
careless 

miss evelyn became more reserved  and cautioned us at first  and then
threatened us with the rod  we did not think she would make use of it 
mary grew impertinent  and one afternoon turned sulky over her lessons 
and set our teacher at defiance  miss evelyn  who had been growing more
and more angry  had her rise from her seat  she obeyed with an impudent
leer  seizing her by the arm  miss evelyn dragged the struggling girl to
the horse  my sister was strong and fought hard  using both teeth and
nails  but it was to no purpose  the anger of our governess was fully
roused  and raising her in her arms  she carried her forcibly to the
horse  placed her on it  held her firmly with one hand while she put the
noose round her with the other  which  when drawn  secured her body 
other nooses secured each ankle to rings in the floor  keeping her legs
apart by the projection of the horse  and also forcing the knees to bend
a little  by which the most complete exposure of the bottom  and  in
fact  of all her private parts too  was obtained 

miss evelyn then left her  and went to mamma for a rod  in a few minutes
she returned  evidently flushed with passion  and proceded to tie mary s
petticoats well up to her waist  leaving her bottom and her pinky slit
quite bare and exposed directly before my eyes  it was quite two months
since i had seen her private parts  and i was well surprised to observe
the lips more pouting and swelled out  as well as the symptoms of a
mossy covering of the mount much more developed  indeed  it was in
itself more exciting than i had expected  for my thoughts had so long
dwelt only on the riper beauties of miss evelyn that i had quite ceased
to have any toying with mary 

this full view of all her private parts reawakened former sensations and
strengthened them  miss evelyn first removed her own scarf  laying bare
her plump ivory shoulders  and showing the upper halves of her beautiful
bubbies  which were heaving with the excitement of her anger  she bared
her fine right arm  and grasping the rod  stepped back and raised her
arm  her eyes glistened in a peculiar way  she was indeed beautiful to
see 

i shall never forget that moment it was but a moment  the rod whistled
through the air and fell with a cruel cut on poor mary s plump little
bottom  the flesh quivered again  and mary  who had resolved not to cry 
flushed in her face  and bit the damask with which the horse was
covered 

again the arm was raised  and again  with a sharp whistle  it fell on
the palpating buttocks below it  still her stubborn temper bore her up 
and although we saw how she winced  not a sound escaped her lips 
drawing back a step  miss evelyn again raised her hand and arm  and this
time her aim was so true that the longer points of the rod doubled
between the buttocks and concentrated themselves between the lips of
mary s privates  so agonising was the pain that she screamed out
dreadfully  again the rod fell precisely on the same spot 

 oh  oh  oh  dear miss evelyn  i will never  no  never  do so again  

her shrieks were of no avail  cut succeeded cut  yell succeeded
yell until the rod was worn to a stump  and poor mary s bottom was one
mass of weals and red as raw beef  it was fearful to see  and yet such
is our nature that to see it was  at the same time  exciting  i could
not keep my eyes from her pouting quim  the swelling lips of which 
under the severity of the punishment it was undergoing  not only seemed
to thicken  but actually opened and shut  and evidently throbbed with
agony  but all this was highly exciting for me to witness  i then and
there resolved to have a closer inspection at a more convenient
opportunity  which did not fail me in the end 

meanwhile  her spirit was completely cowed  or rather  crushed  indeed 
we were all fully frightened  and now knew what we had to expect  if we
did not behave ourselves  there was now no fear of any manifestation of
temper  and we felt we must indeed obey implicitly whatever our
governess chose to order  we instinctively learned to fear her 

a very few days after this memorable whipping  some visitors arrived a
gentleman and lady  the gentleman was an old friend of mamma s  who had
lately married  and mamma had asked them to visit her on their wedding
tour and spent a short time with us 

the gentleman was a fine looking man  tall and powerfully built  the
lady rather delicate looking  but well shaped  with good breasts and
shoulders  small waist  and spreading haunches  well formed arms  small
hands and feet  and very brilliant eyes 

i think it was about three days after their arrival that one afternoon i
went into the spare room  which was occupied by these visitors  while
there  i heard them coming upstairs  the lady entered first  and i had
just time to slip into a closet and draw the door to  it was not quite
closed  but nearly so  in a minute the gentleman followed  and gently
shutting the door  locked it  mrs  benson smiled  and said 

 well  my love  you are a sad teaser  you let me have no rest  surely 
you had enough last night and this morning without wanting it again so
soon  

 indeed  i had not   he said   i never can have enough of your delicious
person  so come  we must not be long about it  or our absence will be
observed  

he seized her round the waist  and drew her lips to his  and gave her a
long  long kiss  squeezing her to him  and moving himself against her 
then seating himself  he pulled her on his knee  and thrust his hand up
her petticoats  their mouths being glued together for some time 

 we must be quick  dear   she murmured 

he got up  and lifted her on the edge of the bed  threw her back  and
taking her legs under his arms  exposed everything to my view  she had
not so much hair on her mount of venus as miss evelyn  but her slit
showed more pouting lips  and appeared more open  judge of my excitement
when i saw mr  benson unbutton his trousers and pull out an immense
cock  oh  dear  how large it looked  it almost frightened me  with his
fingers he placed the head between the lips of mrs  benson s sheath  and
then letting go his hold  and placing both arms so as to support her
legs  he pushed it all right into her to the hilt at once  i was
thunderstruck that mrs  benson did not shriek with agony  it did seem
such a large thing to thrust right into her belly  however  far from
screaming with pain  she appeared to enjoy it  her eyes glistened  her
face flushed  and she smiled most graciously on mr  b  the two appeared
very happy  his large cock slipped in and out quite smoothly  and his
hands pressed the large glossy buttocks and pulled them to him at each
home thrust  this lasted nearly five minutes  when all at once mr  b 
stopped short  and then followed one or two convulsive shoves he
grinning in a very absurd way at her  he remained quiet for a few
minutes  and then drew out his cock  all soft  with slimy drops falling
from it onto the carpet  taking a towel  he wiped up the carpet  and
wrapping it round his cock  went to the basin and washed it 

mrs  benson lay for a few minutes longer all exposed  her quim more open
than before  and i could see a white slime oozing from it 

you can hardly imagine the wild excitement this scene occasioned me 
first  the grand mystery was at once explained to me  and my ignorant
longings now knew to what they tended  after giving me plenty of time to
realise all the beauties of her private parts  she slipped down on the
floor  adjusted her petticoats  and smoothed the disordered counterpane 
and then went to the glass to arrange her hair  this done  she quietly
unlocked the door  and mr  benson went out  the door was then relocked 
and mrs  b  went to the basin  emptied and filled it  then raised up her
petticoats  and bathed the parts between her legs with a sponge  and
then rubbed all dry with a towel  all this time exposing everything to
my ardent gaze  but  horror of horrors  she after this came straight to
the closet and gave a slight scream on discovering me there  i blushed
up to the ears  and tried to stammer out an excuse  she stared at me at
first in silent amazement  but at last said 

 how came you here  sir  tell me  

 i was here when you came up  i wanted my football  which was in this
closet  and when i heard you coming  i hid myself  i don t know why  

for some minutes she seemed to consider and examine me attentively  she
then said 

 can you be discreet  

 oh  yes  ma am  

 you will never tell anyone what you have seen  

 no ma am  

 well  keep this promise  and i shall try what i can do to reward you 
now  go downstairs  

i went to the schoolroom  but i was greatly agitated  i scarcely knew
what i was doing  the scene i had witnessed had complete possession of
my thoughts  in years but a boy  the mystery now practically explained
to me had awakened all the passions of a man  instead of studying my
lessons  my thoughts wandered to mrs  b   thrown back on the bed with
her fine legs and thighs fully exposed  above all  the sight of the
pinky gash  with its fleecy hair at the bottom of her belly  which i had
seen for some minutes all open and oozing out the slimy juice that
followed the amorous encounter they had been indulging in  it seemed so
much more developed than miss evelyn s  i felt sure that miss evelyn
could never take in such a thick long thing as mr  b  had thrust into
his wife  and yet it appeared to go in so easily  and moved about so
smoothly  and so evidently to the satisfaction and utmost delight of
both  as was proved by their ardent embracings  fond murmurs  and
voluptuous movements  especially just before they both ceased together
all movement whatever 

then i thought  how delicious it would be to treat miss evelyn in the
same way  and to revel with my stiff standing prick in her delicious
quim  which in my mind s eye i saw before me as i had viewed it on her
rising from the bidet  when i lay hid under the bed  then i thought of
my sister mary s smaller  although attractive little quim  and i
resolved  as that was the easiest to get hold of  to initiate her in all
the newly discovered mysteries  i fully determined that my own first
lesson  as well as hers  should be taken on her little fat chubby cunt 
then the recollection of its pouting and throbbing lips under the
fearful flagellation she had undergone  began to excite me  and made my
cock stand stiff and throb again  all the weeks of excitement i had now
constantly been under had produced a wonderful effect on my pego  which
had become considerably more developed when in a state of erection  as
you may suppose  with such distracting thoughts  i did not get on with
my lessons  miss evelyn  for some reason or other  was out of humour
that morning  and more than once spoke crossly to me for my evident
inattention  at length she called me to her  and finding that i had
scarcely done anything  she said 

 now  charles  i give you ten minutes longer to finish that sum  if not
done in that time i shall whip you  you are exhibiting the mere spirit
of idleness  i do not know what has come over you  but if persisted in 
you shall certainly be punished  

the idea of the beautiful miss evelyn whipping my bare bottom did not
tend to calm my excitement  on the contrary  it turned my lewd thoughts
upon the beauties of her person  which i had so often furtively gazed
upon 

it was close upon four o clock  at which hour we always broke up for a
run in the garden for an hour  and during this period i had resolved to
begin instructing mary in the secret mysteries i had so lately been a
witness to  but fate had ordered it otherwise  and i was to receive my
first practical lesson and be initiated on the person of a riper and
more beautiful woman  but of this hereafter  at four o clock i had done
nothing with my task miss evelyn looked grave 

 mary and eliza  you may go out  charles will remain here  

my sisters  simply imagining that i was kept to finish my lessons  ran
into the garden  miss evelyn turned the key in the door  opened a
cupboard  and withdrew a birch rod neatly tied up with blue ribbons  now
my blood coursed through my veins  and my fingers trembled so that i
could hardly hold my pencil 

 put down your slate  charles  and come to me  

i obeyed  and stood before my beautiful governess  with a strange
commixture of fear and desire 

 unfasten your braces  and pull down your trousers  

i commenced doing this  though but very slowly  angry at my delay her
delicate fingers speedily accomplished the work  my trousers fell to my
feet 

 place yourself across my knees  

tremblingly  with the same commixture of feeling  i obeyed  her silk
dress was drawn up to prevent its being creased my naked flesh pressed
against her snowy white petticoats  a delicate perfume of violet and
vervain assailed my nerves  as i felt her soft and delicate fingers
drawing up my shirt  and passing over my bare posteriors  while the
warmth of her pulpy form beneath me penetrated my flesh  nature exerted
her power  and my prick began to swell out to a most painful extent  i
had but little time  however  to notice this before a rapid succession
of the most cruel cuts lacerated my bottom 

 oh  dear  oh  dear  oh  dear  oh  miss evelyn  i will do the sum if you
will only forgive me  oh  oh  oh   c  

holding me firmly with her left arm  miss evelyn used the rod most
unmercifully  at first  the pain was excruciating  and i roared out as
loud as i could  but gradually the pain ceased to be so acute  and was
succeeded by the most delicious tickling sensation  my struggles at
first had been so violent as to greatly disorder miss evelyn s
petticoats  and to raise them up so as to expose to my delighted eyes
her beautifully formed silk clad legs up to the knees  and even an inch
or two of naked thigh above 

this  together with the intense tickling irritation communicated to my
bottom  as well as to the friction of my cock against the person of miss
evelyn in my struggles  rendered me almost delirious  and i tossed and
pushed myself about on her knees in a state of perfect frenzy as the
blows continued to be showered down upon my poor bottom  at last the rod
was worn to a stump  and i was pushed off her knees  as i rose before
her  with my cheeks streaming with tears  my shirt was jutting out
considerably in front in an unmistakable and most prominent manner  and
my prick was at the same time throbbing beneath it with convulsive
jerks  which i could by no means restrain 

miss evelyn glared at the projection in marked astonishment  and her
open eyes were fixed upon it as i stood rubbing my bottom and crying 
without attempting to move or button up my trousers  she continued for
a minute or two to stare at the object of attraction  flushing scarlet
up to the forehead  and then she suddenly seemed to recollect herself 
drew a heavy breath  and rapidly left the room  she did not return
until after my sisters came back from the garden  and seemed still
confused  and avoided fixing her eye upon me 

in two days afterwards  all disagreeable marks of this very severe
whipping had disappeared  on the following day we were invited to pass
the afternoon at the grange  a beautiful place about two miles from us 
the afternoon was fine and warm  we walked there  and arrived about four
o clock  mr  and mrs  robinson were in the drawing room  but at once
desired us to go in the garden and amuse ourselves with their three
daughters  whom we would find there  we went at once  and found them
amusing themselves on a swing  sophia  the eldest  about nineteen  was
swinging a sister about two years younger  a very fine  fully developed
young woman  indeed  all three sisters were finer women and more
beautiful than the average of young ladies 

another sister  agnes  was not seated  but standing on the board between
the ropes  sophia was making both mount as high as possible  they were
laughing loudly  when we found them  at the exposure each made one in
advancing  the other retiring  agnes s light dress of muslin and single
petticoat  as she retired and the wind came up from behind  was bulged
out in front  and exposed her limbs up to her belly  so that one could
see that her mount was already well furnished  the other  in advancing 
threw her legs up  and exposed all the underside of her thighs and a
part of her bottom  and you could just discern that there was dark hair
between the lower thighs and bottom 

as they considered me but a child  i was no check to their mirth and
sport  on the contrary  they gave me a long rope to pull down the swing
when at its highest  and i sat down on the grass in front for greater
convenience  the fine limbs and hairy quims exposed freely before me
from moment to moment excited my passions  none of them wore more than
one petticoat  and they had no drawers  so that when they mounted to the
highest point from me  i had the fullest possible view of all  my cock
soon rose to a painful extent  which i really believe was noticed and
enjoyed by them  i observed  too  that i was an object of attention to
miss evelyn  who shortly seated herself in the swing  and allowed me to
swing her with the end of the rope  i even fancied that she threw up her
legs more than was at all necessary  at all events  she naturally  with
the strong feelings i had towards her  excited me more than all the
rest 

we were as merry as could be  and we passed a delightful evening until
eight o clock  when it began to rain  as it continued  and became very
heavy  mr  robinson ordered out the closed carriage to take us home  it
was a brougham  only seated for two  mary took eliza on her knee  miss
evelyn took me upon hers  i know not how it happened  but her lovely arm
soon passed round my body as if to hold me on her knee  and her hand
fell  apparently by accident  exactly on my cock the touch was electric 
in an instant  my member stood stiff and strong beneath her hand  still
miss evelyn  who must have felt the movement going on beneath her
fingers  did not remove her hand  but rather seemed to press more upon
it  in my boyish ignorance  i imagined she was not aware of what was
happening  the motion and jolting of the carriage over rough road caused
her hand to rub up and down upon my erected and throbbing member  i was
almost beside myself  and to conceal my condition i feigned sleep  i let
my head fall on miss evelyn s shoulder and neck she allowed this 

whether she thought i had really fallen asleep i know not  but i was
quite sensible that her fingers pressed my swollen and throbbing cock 
and i fancied she was measuring its size 

the tight grasp she managed to gain  and the continued jolting of the
carriage  brought me up at last to such a pitch state that a greater
jolt than usual  repeated two or three times in succession  each
followed by a firmer pressure of her charming fingers  caused me such an
excess of excitement that i actually swooned away with the most
delicious sensation i had ever experienced in my life  i was some time
before i knew where i was  or what i was about  and was only made
conscious of our arrival at home by miss evelyn shaking me to rouse me
up  i stumbled up  but though partially stupefied  i fancied miss
evelyn s eyes shone with a brilliancy i had never before observed  and
that there was a bright hectic flush on her cheek  she refused to go
into the parlour  but hurried to bed on pretence of a headache 

when i retired to bed  and took off my shirt  i found it all sticky and
wet in front 

it was thus i paid down my first tribute to venus  i thought long over
this evident approach to familiarity on the part of miss evelyn  and
went to sleep with a lively hope of a more private interview with her 
when i trusted that her evident passion would initiate me in the
pleasures to be derived from her beauteous body 

but again fate intervened  and another  not less beautiful  more
experienced  and more inclined for the sport  was to be my charming
mistress in love s revels 

two days after this  mr  benson was unexpectedly called away on pressing
affairs  which he feared might detain him three weeks  he left mrs  b 
with us  as he had to be driven about nine miles to the town where the
coach passed  mamma took the opportunity of going to the town with him 
mrs  b  complained of not being equal to the fatigue  and mamma told
miss evelyn she would like her company  and as the two girls wanted new
shoes  they could go also  i was to remain at home  and mamma desired me
to be quiet and attentive to mrs  benson  who  observing no one  said to
me  with a peculiar look 

 i shall want you to hold my skeins  charlie  so don t go out of the
way  but be ready for me as soon as they are gone  

she then went up to her bedroom  where mr  b  immediately joined her  no
doubt to re enact the scene i had already witnessed from the closet on a
previous day  they were fully half an hour occupied together  at length 
all was ready  and off they went  leaving me to a fate i had little
dreamt of 

mrs  b  proposed we should go up to the drawing room  which looked out
to the garden  and was nowhere overlooked  i followed her  and could not
help admiring her fine figure as she preceded me in going upstairs 
although pale in complexion  she was well made  and very elegant in her
carriage  and sat down on a low easy chair  throwing herself completely
back  and crossing one leg over the other  apparently without being
aware that she carried her petticoats up with the action  and exhibited
the beautiful underleg up to the garter 

i had never forgotten the day  when secreted in the closet  i had seen
them completely exposed  and how charming they were  her present
negligent attitude  although far from the same exposure i speak of  was
still  with the former recollection running in my head  enough to set my
whole blood on fire  i have before remarked what a power beautiful and
well stockinged legs  and ankles and small feet  had upon my nervous
system  and so it was now  as i gazed upon her handsome legs  ankles 
and feet  i felt my prick swell and throb in a manner that could not
fail to be perceptible to mrs  b  especially as her head lay on a level
with that part of my person as i stood before her 

although she continued knitting  i could see that her eyes were directed
to that part of my person  and fixed upon the increasing distention of
my trousers  in a few minutes she gave me a skein of worsted to hold 
and desired me to kneel in front of her  so as to bring my hands down to
the level of the low chair on which she was seated 

i knelt close to the footstool on which her foot rested  it was raised
up  and a very slight movement brought it against my person  at first
rather below where my throbbing prick was distending my trousers  as she
commenced to wind her ball  she gradually pushed her foot further
forward  until the toe actually touched the knob of my cock  and
occasionally moved it right and left  exciting me beyond measure 

i flushed up to the very ears  and trembled so violently that i thought
i should have dropped the skein 

 my dear boy  what is the matter with you  that you blush and tremble
so  are you unwell  

i could not answer  blushed more than ever  the skein at length was
finished 

 charles   she said   get up  and come here  

i rose and stood by her side 

 what have you got in your trousers that is moving  

and here her busy fingers commenced unbuttoning them  released from
confinement  out started my prick stiff as iron  and as large as that of
a youth of eighteen  indeed  i was better hung than one boy selected out
of five hundred of that age  mrs  b   who had pretended to be perfectly
astonished  exclaimed 

 good gracious  what a pego  why charles  my darling  you are a man not
a boy  what a size to be sure   and she gently handled it   is it often
in this state  

 yes  ma am  

 for how long  

 ever since miss evelyn came  

 and pray  sir  what has miss evelyn s coming had to do with it  

 i i i i  

 come now  charles  be candid with me  what is it you mean where you say
miss evelyn has caused you to be in such a state  have you shown her
this  and has she handled it  

 oh  dear no  never  never  

 is it her face  her bosom  or her legs that have captivated you  

 it was her feet and ankles  ma am  with her beautiful legs  which she
sometimes exhibited without knowing  

 and do all ladies  legs and ankles produce this effect upon you  

 oh  yes  ma am  if they are neat and pretty  

 and what make you so excited now  

 it was the sight of your beautiful legs just now  and the recollection
of what i saw the other day  ma am   i stammered out  blushing more than
ever 

while this conversation was going on  her soft hand grasped my distended
prick  and had commenced slowly slipping the loose skin over the swollen
head  and allowing it to slip back again 

 i suppose  charles  after what you saw in the closet  you know what
this is meant to do  

i muttered out an indistinct reply that i did  and i hung down my
blushing face 

 you have never put it into a lady  have you  

 oh  dear no  ma am  

 would you like to do so  

i did not answer  but sheepishly held down my head 

 did you see what i had in the same place  when you were in the closet  

i muttered   yes  ma am  

 would it afford you any pleasure to see it again  

 oh  yes  so much  

mrs  b  rose  went to the window  drew down the blind  then gently
turned the key in the door  returning to the chair  and drawing well up
her dress  petticoats and chemise  she exposed all her person up to the
middle of her belly  and sat down stretching herself backwards  and
opening her thighs well 

 well  my dear boy  look at it if you wish  

i was no longer shy  nature prompted me to an act of gallantry that
gratified the lady immensely  falling on my knees  i glued my lips to
the delicious spot  pushing my tongue in as far as i could  and sucked
it  it was quite spunky  i had no doubt but that mr  b  had fucked her
two or three times just before leaving  this  however  made no
difference to me  the attack was as unexpected as it was delightful to
the lady  she placed both hands on my head and pressed my face against
her throbbing cunt  she was evidently hotly excited  not only by what i
was then doing  but by the scene  the conversation  and the handling of
my prick  which she had been indulging in  she wriggled her bottom
nervously below me  i continued to greedily lick her moist and juicy
cunt 

 oh  oh  dear charles  what exquisite delight you are giving me  oh 
oh  

and she pressed my face more fully into the gaping sheath  and thrusting
her bottom up at the same time  spent right into my mouth  over my
cheeks  chin  and neck  her thighs closed convulsively round my head 
and for some moments she remained still  i continued to lick away  and
swallowed the delicious spunk that still flowed from her  at last she
spoke again 

 oh  you darling charles  i love you for ever  but get up  it is now my
turn to give you a taste of the exquisite pleasure you have given me  

i raised myself  and she drew me to her  and gave me a long kiss 
licking her own sperm from off my lips and cheek  and desiring me to
thrust my tongue into her mouth  she sucked it deliciously  while her
soft hand and gentle fingers had again sought  found  and caressed my
stiff standing prick  she then desired me to lay myself on the floor 
with three pillows to raise my head  and lifting up all her petticoats 
and striding across me  with her back to my face  she knelt down  then
stooping forward  she took my standing prick in her mouth  and at the
same time lowering her buttocks  brought her beautiful cunt right over
and down upon my mouth  the pillows exactly supporting my head at the
proper level  to command a thorough enjoyment of the whole  which now i
had completely before my eyes 

in the former sucking my own position hid everything from view beyond
the rich mass of hair adorning her splendid mount of venus  which i
found to be much more abundant than it had appeared to me when i had
seen it from the closet  when i applied my lips to the delicious gap  i
found that she had the most beautiful silky light curls running up to
and around her charming pink bottom hole  and losing themselves in the
chink between the buttocks  i applied myself furiously to the delicious
gash  and sucked and thrust my tongue in alternately  i could see by the
nervous twitching of her buttocks  and the bearing down of her whole
bottom on my face  how much she was enjoying it  i  too  was in an
extasy of delight  one hand gently frigged the lower portion of my
prick  while the other played with my balls  and her beautiful mouth 
lips  and tongue sucked  pressed  and tickled the head of my excited
prick  the more furiously i sucked her cunt  the more her lips
compressed the head of my pego  and her tongue sought to enter the
urethra  giving me almost overpowering delight  such reciprocal efforts
soon brought on the extatic crisis  i cried out 

 oh  lady  oh  dear lady  let me go  i am dying  

she knew well enough what was coming  but she had her own way  and at
the instant that she again poured down upon my mouth and face a
plenteous discharge  her own rosy mouth received a torrent of my sperm 

for some minutes we lay mutually breathless and exhausted  then mrs  b 
rose  shook down her clothes  assisted me to rise  and taking me in her
arms  and pressing me lovingly to her bosom  told me i was a dear
charming fellow  and had enraptured her beyond measure  she then
embraced me fondly  kissing my mouth and eyes  and desiring me to give
her my tongue  sucked it so sweetly 

 now  fasten up your trousers  my darling boy  

when i had done so  the blind was drawn up  and the door unlocked 

we sat down  i by her side with one arm round her lovely neck  and the
other clasped in her hand 

 i am sure i can depend upon your prudence  my dear charles  to keep all
this a profound secret from everyone  your mamma thinks you a child  and
will suspect nothing  i shall take an opportunity of suggesting that you
shall sleep in the small room adjoining my bedroom  and with which there
is a door of communication  when everyone is gone to bed  i shall open
the door  and you shall come and sleep with me  and i will let you enjoy
me as you saw mr  b  do the other day  will you like that  

 oh  above all things  oh  yes  but you must also allow me to kiss that
delicious spot again that has just given me such pleasure  will you not 
ma am  

 oh  yes  my darling boy  whenever we can do so safely  and unobserved 
but i must impress upon you never to seem very familiar with me before
anyone  or to take the slightest liberty unless i invite you to do so 
anything of the sort would certainly draw attention  and lead to our
detection  and at once put an end to what i mean shall be a delightful
connection for you as well as myself  

i  of course  promised the most perfect obedience to her very prudent
directions  the ice was broken  and we allowed no ceremony to stand
between us  i grew again very excited  and would fain have proceeded at
once to try again to fuck her as well as suck her  but she was
inexorable  and told me i should only spoil the pleasure we should
afterwards have in bed  the day passed like an hour in her charming
society 

the carriage brought mamma and party to dinner  mamma hoped i had
behaved well  and been attentive to mrs  b  in her absence  she answered
nothing could be better  and that i was quite a model youth so gentle
and so obedient 

my mother found that she had caught cold  and had febrile symptoms after
dinner  mrs  b  persuaded her to retire to bed  and accompanied her 
when in her room  she apparently noticed  for the first time  my little
bed  she took the opportunity of suggesting that it would be much better
to remove it to the small room  so as to leave my mother in perfect
quiet  which my coming to bed might disturb 

this was said in such an innocent natural manner  that no suspicion was
excited on the part of mamma or anybody else  mamma only making the
objection that my early rising might by my noise disturb mrs  b  in the
next room 

 oh  no  i am not so easily disturbed  besides he has been so well
behaved all day  that i am sure  if i tell him to be quiet in the
morning  he will not fail to do so  

so it was settled  and my bed was at once removed to the little room 

i know not what miss evelyn thought of this  at any rate  she made no
remark  and i went to bed early  it will easily be conceived that i did
not go to sleep  the hours struck one after the other  and no appearance
of my amiable instructress  the remembrance of all her charms was ever
present to my mind s eye  and i longed once more to dart my tongue into
her moist and juicy cunt  as well as to try the new method that was to
initiate me into the real secrets of venus 

the long delay of her coming put me in a perfect fever  i tossed and
tumbled in bed  my prick throbbed almost to bursting  fortunately  i had
never frigged myself  and that resource never occured to me  or i might
have rendered myself quite incapable of enjoying the raptures my
beautiful benefactress afterwards entranced me with  at last i heard
voices and footsteps on the stairs  mrs  b  bid miss evelyn good night 
and the next minute her door was opened  closed again  and the key
turned in the lock  i had taken the precaution to do so with my door  i
heard her use the night vase  and then she opened my door  at once
coming to my bedside  seeing me awake and quite flushed  she kissed me 
and whispered 

 have you not been to sleep  charles  

 no  ma am   i answered  in the same subdued tone   i could not sleep  

 why  dear boy  

 because i was going to sleep with you  

her lips pressed mine  and her soft hand  thrust under the clothes 
sought for and caressed my stiff standing prick it was as hard as iron 

 poor boy  i am afraid you have been suffering  how long has it been in
this state  

 all the evening  ma am  and i did think you were such a long time in
coming  

 well  charles  i could not come sooner without causing suspicion i
thought miss evelyn was suspicious  so i pretended to have no desire to
go to bed  and even when she showed evident symptoms of drowsiness after
her long ride  i rallied her upon it  and begged her to sit up with me
yet a little  until at last she could hold out no longer  and begged me
to let her retire  i grumblingly complied  and she is thrown completely
off any scent on our account  as she could never suppose i was impatient
as you to come here  i shall undress as fast as possible  and then do my
best to relieve you of this painful stiffness  get up  shut this door 
and come to my bed  my room has an inner baize door  and we shall there
be certain of not being overheard  

i instantly complied  and she commenced undressing  every detail of her
charming toilet was devoured by my greedy eyes  her smooth  glossy  and
abundant hair  arranged in braids  was neatly fastened in under a
coquettish lace cap with pretty blue ribbons  her  chemise de nuit  of
the finest  almost transparent cambric was edged with fine openwork  she
looked devine  the drawers of the commode contained scent bags of that
peculiar odour which is generally found to perfume the persons of the
most seductive women  in another moment she was in bed  clasping me in
her arms 

 now  charles  you must be a good boy  and make no noise  and allow me
to teach you your first love lesson  see i will lay myself down on my
back  thus do you place yourself on your knees between my out spread
thighs there  that is a darling now let me lay hold of your dear
instrument  now lay yourself down on me  

i placed myself on her beautiful smooth and white belly and pressed
against the hair of her mount  with her long taper fingers she guided my
prick i trembled in every limb and almost felt sick with excitement but
when i felt the delicious sensation caused by the insertion of my
skinned pintle between the smooth warm oily folds of the lady s cunt i
gave but one shove which carried me up so that i swooned away on her
belly and milk white bosom 

when i came to myself i still lay on her belly  enfolded in her lovely
arms  my prick sheathed up to the cods in her delicious cunt  which was
throbbing in the most extatic way and pressing and closing with every
fold on my prick which had hardly lost any of its pristine stiffness  as
my eyes began to discern her features  an exquisite smile played upon my
darling companion s lips 

 you sad rogue   she whispered   you have given me a baby  what have you
been doing to make you spend so soon  and in such a quantity  did you
like it  

 oh  dearest madam  i have been in heaven surely no joy can be greater
than you have given me  

 but you do not know as yet everything that is to be done  and to how
much greater an extent the pleasure may be enhanced by mutual efforts 
move your instrument gently in and out there  that is delicious  but not
so fast  good  is it not nice  

and she moved in unison with me  meeting each slow thrust down by an
equal movement upwards  and squeezing my prick in the most delicious
manner internally  as she retired again to meet succeeding thrusts in
the same way 

oh  it was extatic my prick  swollen to its utmost size  seemed to fill
her exquisite vagina  which although capable of easily accommodating the
larger prick of mr  b   appeared to be sufficiently contracted to
embrace tightly with its smooth and slippery folds my stiff throbbing
prick  so we continued  i shoving myself into her  and she upheaving her
beautiful bottom to meet me  my hands removed everywhere  and my mouth
sucked her lips and tongue  or wandered over her pulpy breasts sucking
their tiny nipples  it was a long bout indeed  prolonged by mrs 
benson s instructions  and she enjoyed it thoroughly  encouraged me by
every endearing epithet  and by the most voluptuous manoeuvres  i was
quite beside myself  the consciousness that i was thrusting my most
private part into that part of a lady s person which is regarded with
such sacred delicacy caused me to experience the most enraptured
pleasure  maddened by the intensity of my feeling i at length quickened
my pace  my charming companion did the same  and we together yielded
down a most copious and delicious discharge 

although i retained sufficient rigidity to keep him in his place  mrs 
b  would not allow any further connection with her  and she made me
withdraw  and bade me go to sleep like a good boy  and she would give me
a further lesson in the morning 

finding that she was determined on this point  and that she disposed
herself to slumber  i felt i was obliged to follow her example  and at
last fell fast asleep  it might be about five in the morning  quite
light at that time of year  when i awoke  and instead of finding myself 
as usual  in my own little bed i found my arms round the person of a
charming woman  whose large plump smooth bottom lay in my lap  pressing
against my belly and thigh  i found my prick already in a rampant state 
and it at once began throbbing and forcing its way between the delicious
cheeks of her immense bottom  seeking the delightful sheath it had so
enjoyed the previous part of the night  whether mrs  b  was asleep or
not  i do not know  but am inclined to think she really was so  from the
muttered mistake she made in waking  she was probably dreaming  for she
mechanically raised her thighs  i pressed my prick stoutly forward
against her luxurious body  knowing that the entrance to the temple of
pleasure which had so entranced me the night before lay in that
direction  i found more difficulties than i expected  but at length
began to penetrate  although the orifice appeared much tighter than on
the previous evening  excited by the difficulties of entrance  i clasped
the lady firmly round the waist and pushed forcibly and steadily
forward  i felt the folds give way to the iron stiffness of my prick 
and one half of it was fairly embedded in my extremely tight sheath  i
put down my hand to press my prick a little downwards to facilitate the
further entrance  you may imagine my astonishment when on so doing i
found myself in the lady s bottom hole  instead of her cunt  this at
once explained the difficulty of entrance  i was about to withdraw and
place it in the proper orifice when a convulsive pressure of the
sphincter caused me such exquisite satisfaction by the pressure of the
folds on the more sensitive upper half of my prick  which was so
delicious  and so much tighter  and more exciting than my previous
experience of the cunt that i could not resist the temptation of
carrying the experiment to the end  therefore  thrusting my two fingers
into her cunt  i pressed my belly forwards with all my might  and
sheathed my prick in her bottom hole to its full extent  mrs  b at this
awoke  and exclaimed   good heavens  fred  you hurt me cruelly  i wish
you would be content with my cunt  i shall be unable to walk tomorrow 
you know it always has that effect  it is downright cruel of you but
since you are in  stay quiet a little  and then continue to frig me with
your fingers  as you know that eventually gives me great pleasure  

she calls me fred  what can she mean  i was  however  too agreeably
situated to speculate on anything  but as i was now buried within her
bottom hole  i lay quiet for a few minutes as she had requested  and as
her complaints subsided  and i felt a slight reciprocating movement  i 
too  moved within her  working at the same time my two fingers in her
cunt  by this time she was wide awake  and became conscious of who was
her bedfellow 

 what are you about  charles   she exclaimed   do you know where you
are  

 i did not know i was doing anything wrong  

 doing wrong  indeed  my  a lady s bottom hole was never intended for a
pego  how came you to put it in there  

 i cannot tell  i did not do it on purpose  i thought i was going into
the same delightful place i was in last night  

all this time i was moving my prick in and out of one aperture  and my
fingers were working away in the other  the tightness of the sheath
round my prick was delicious beyond anything i could conceive  and i
think  from the way the lady conducted herself  she liked it as much as
i did  at any rate  she permitted me to go on until i had a delicious
discharge  and she herself spent all over my hand 

when the bout was over  she jumped out of bed  went to the basin  and
with a sponge purified herself  after which  she said 

 my dear boy  you had better come and wash yourself  too  and take care
not to make a mistake of this kind again  as it is sometimes attended
with disagreeable consequences  

it was now perfect sunny daylight  and my enchanting mistress looked so
lovely in her almost transparent cambric nightshirt that i was
emboldened to ask her to let me see her perfectly naked in all her
glorious beauty of form  she gratified me at once  but laughingly 
pulled off my nightshirt  and said 

 i  too  must have the pleasure not only of contemplating your promising
youthful charms  but of embracing your dear form disencumbered of all
the superfluities of dress  

we clasped each other in a most enrapturing embrace  and then my lovely
and engaging companion allowed me to turn her in every direction so as
to see  admire  and devour every charm of her exquisitely formed body 
oh  she was indeed beautiful shoulders broad  bosom  or rather upper
neck  flat  not showing any projection of the collar bone  bubbies firm 
well separated and round  with most exquisite rosy nipples not much
developed  a perfect waist  small naturally  with charming swelling
hips  and an immense bottom it was almost out of proportion  large  but
oh  how beautiful  then her belly  undulating so enticingly  and
swelling out  the lowest part into a very fine and prominent mons
veneris  covered with a thick crop of silky and curly light hair  then
the entrance to the grotto of venus had such delicious pouting lips 
rosy  but with hair still thick on each side  which is often not the
case even with women who have a sufficient tuft above  how beautiful
where it exists as it did in this charming and perfect woman  continuing
in beautiful little curls not only down to but around her lovely pinky
and puckered little bottom hole  the delights of which i had already  in
this infancy of my love education  tasted and enjoyed  her two alabaster
thighs  worthily supporting by their large well rounded fleshy forms 
the exquisite perfections of the upper body  i have already described 
how beautiful  elegant  and elongated her legs were  rising from
well turned ankles and most tiny beautiful feet  her skin was white as
milk  and dazzlingly fair and smooth  to my young eyes she was a perfect
goddess of beauty  even now  in advanced life  i can remember nothing
that  as a whole surpassed her  although i have met many with points
unsurpassingly beautiful some carry it in the bosom  some in the general
carriage  some in the mount of venus and bottom together  and some in
legs and thighs  but this devine creature  without having the appearance
of it when dressed  was  when stripped  perfect in all her parts as well
as beautiful in face caressing and voluptuous by nature  and lending
herself  with the most enchanting graces to instruct me in all the
mysteries of love  and let me say  of  lust  also 

we caressed each other with such mutual satisfaction that nature soon
drove us to a closer and more active union of the bodies  fondly
embracing one another  we approached the bed  and being equally excited
threw ourselves upon it  and  in the exquisite contact of our naked
flesh  enjoyed a long  long bout of love  in which my most charming
companion exhibited all the resources of amorous enjoyment  never shall
i forget the luxury of that embrace  she checked my natural tendency to
rush at once to a completion  i think we must have enjoyed the raptures
of that embrace fully half an hour before bringing on the grand finale 
in which my active companion showed the extraordinary suppleness of her
delicious body by throwing her legs over my back  pushing my bottom
forward with her heels  and raising and sinking her bottom in unison
with each thrust of my terribly stiff prick  which seemed to swell and
become thicker and harder than ever  in retiring from each thrust  her
cunt seemed to close upon my prick with the force of a pair of pincers 
we both came to the extatic moment at the same time  and both actually
screamed with delight  my ardent mistress in her fury of excitement
actually bit my shoulder and drew blood  but i felt it not i was in the
seventh heaven of delight  and lay for long almost insensible on her
beauteous body  clasped in her loving arms  on coming to our senses 

 oh  my beloved boy   she said   never  never  have i experienced such
pleasure  you are a perfect angel  i only fear i shall come to love you
too much  

we turned on our sides without dislodging the dear instrument of our
enjoyment  and my lovely friend prattled on and delighted me with her
toying  embracing  and gaiety  my prick had once more swelled up  and i
wished to quietly enjoy a fuck in the luxurious position in which we
lay  but my lovely friend said 

 that must not be  my dear charles  i must consider your health  you
have already done more than your age warrants  and you must rise and go
to your bed to recover  by a sound sleep  your strength  

 but feel how strong i am   and i gave a forcible thrust into her
glowing and well moistened sheath  but  though she certainly was greatly
excited  she suddenly turned round and unseated me  and drew away from
me  refusing to take it again  as she was quite naked  the movements of
her beauteous form were most graceful and enchanting  and one leg being
thrown backwards left her lovely cunt full in view  and actually gaping
open before me  seized with the strongest desire to suck and kiss it  as
i had done the night before  i begged that at least she would grant me
that last favour  as it could not in any way do me harm  to this she
readily consented  and lay down on her back  opening her glorious
thighs  and with a pillow under her bottom so as to raise up her cunt
into a better position for me to gamahuche her  as she called it  before
letting me begin  she said 

 my dear charles  do you see that little projection at the upper part of
my quim  that is my clitoris  and is the site of the most exquisite
sensation  you see it is rather hard  even now  but you will find as you
titillate it with your tongue or suck it  that it will become harder and
more projecting  so apply your lips there  

i did as my lovely mistress desired  and soon found it stiffen and stand
up nearly an inch into my mouth 

the convulsive twitches of her buttocks  the pressure forward of her
hand on my head  all proved the exquisite felicity my lovely friend was
enjoying  i slipped my hand under my chin the position was awkward  but
i managed to thrust my thumb into her cunt  my forefinger was somewhat
in the way but finding it exactly opposite the rosy hole of her bottom 
and all being very moist there  i pushed it forward and it easily
entered  i could not move my hand very actively  but i continued to
gently draw my finger and thumb a little back together  and then thrust
forward again  it seemed to add immensely to the pleasure i was giving
her  her whole body quivered with excessive excitement  my head was
pressed so firmly against her cunt that i had difficulty in breathing 
but i managed to keep up the action of tongue and fingers until i
brought on the exquisite crisis her buttocks rose  her hand pressed hard
on my head and her two powerful and fleshy thighs closed on my cheeks on
each side and fixed me as if in a vice  while she poured down into my
mouth and all over my chin  neck  and hand a perfect rush of sperm  and
then lay in convulsive movements of enjoyment  hardly knowing what she
was doing  as she held me so fast in every way  i continued to lick up
the delicious discharge  and continued at the same time to pass my
tongue over her clitoris  this  by producing a new excitement  brought
her senses round  so relaxing her hold of me with her thighs she said 

 oh  my darling charles  come up to my arms that i may kiss you for the
exquisite delight you have given me   i did so  but took care  in
drawing myself up  to engroove my stiff standing prick in the
well moistened open cunt that lay raised on a pillow so conveniently in
the way 

 oh  you sad traitor   cried my sweet companion   no  i cannot  i must
not allow it   but i held her tight round the waist  and her position
was too favourable for me to be easily unhorsed 

 ah  you must not  my dear boy  if you will not consider yourself 
consider me  i shall be quite exhausted   i shut her mouth with my
kisses and tongue  and soon the active movements i was making within her
charming vagina exercised their usual influence on her lubricity  so as
to make her as eager for the fray as myself 

 stop  my dear charles  and you shall have it in a new position  which
will give you as much more pleasure as it will me  

 you are not going to cheat me  are you  

 oh  no  my darling  i am now as much on fire as you are withdraw  

i obeyed  half in fear  my fair mistress turned herself round  and
getting on her hands and knees  presented to my ardent gaze her
magnificent bottom  i thought she meant me to once more put it into the
rosy little orifice  and said so 

 oh  no   she replied   not there   but putting her hand under her
belly  and projecting it backwards between her thighs  she said 

 give it me and i will guide it into the proper place  

before doing so i stooped forward and pushing my face between the
glorious cheeks of her bottom  sought and found the lovely little
orifice  kissed it  and thrust my tongue in 

 oh  don t charles  dear  you tickle me so   then flinching  and
squeezing her buttocks together  i had nothing for it but to put my
prick in her hand  she immediately guided it to and engulphed it in her
burning cunt up to the very hair  i found i apparently got in fully an
inch further this way the position also gave my beautiful instructress
more power of pressure on my prick then her glorious buttocks  heaving
under my movements  and exposed in all their immensity  was most
exciting and beautiful  i seized her below the waist with a hand upon
each hip  pressing her magnificent backside against me each time that i
thrust forward  oh  it was indeed glorious to see  i was beside myself 
and furious with the excitement the view of all these charms produced
upon me  my charming mistress seemed equally to enjoy it  as was evinced
by the splendid movements of her body  till at last overcome by the
grand finale  she sank forward on her belly  and i followed on her back 
without losing the position of my throbbing prick within her  we both
lay for some time incapable of movement  but the internal squeezing and
convulsive pressure of her cunt on my softened  but still enlarged
prick  were exquisite beyond imagining  at last she begged me to relieve
her  getting out of bed  she sighed deeply  kissed me tenderly  and
said   my dear charles  we must not be so extravagant in future  it will
destroy us both come  let me see you to your bed   the sight of my
lovely mistress standing naked in all the glory of her beauty and
perfection of form began to have its usual effect upon my prick  which
showed symptoms of raising his head again  she gave it a pat  stooped
down  and for a moment plunged its head into her beautiful mouth  then
seizing my nightshirt  she threw it over my head and conducted me to my
own bed  put me in  tucked me up  and tenderly kissing me  left the
room  first unlocking my door and then locking the door of communication
between the two rooms  thus passed the first glorious night of my
initiation into all the rites of venus  and at the hands of a lovely 
fresh and beautiful woman  who had only been married long enough to make
her a perfect adept in the art  never  oh never  have i passed such a
night  many and many a fine woman  perfect too in the art of fucking 
have i enjoyed  but the novelty and the charm  the variety and the
superiority of the teacher  all combined to make this night the  ne plus
ultra  of erotic pleasure 

it need not be said that  exhausted by the numerous encounters i had in
love s battlefield  i fell into a deep and sound sleep  until aroused by
being rudely shaked up  i opened my eyes in astonishment  it was my
sister mary  she threw her arms round my neck  and kissing me  said 

 you lazy boy  do you know they are  all  down at breakfast  and you
still asleep  what has come over you  

 oh   i said   i got frightened with a horrible dream  and lay awake so
long afterwards that when i did sleep  i overslept myself  

 well  get up at once   and pulling the clothes quite off me  she laid
bare my whole private parts  with my cock  as usual in youth on waking 
at full stand 

 oh  charlie   said mary  fixing her eyes upon it in astonishment at its
thickness and length   how your doodle has grown   and she laid hold of
it   why it is as hard as wood  and see how red its head is   without
her knowing why  it evidently had its natural effect on her sense  and
she flushed as she squeezed it 

 ah  my dear mary  i have learnt a great secret about that thing  which
i will tell you the first time we can be quite alone and secure from
interruption  just now there is no time  but before you go downstairs 
let me see how your poor little fanny is  

we had been used to these infantile expressions when in our ignorance
and innocence we had mutual examinations of the difference of our sexes 
and my sister was still as ignorant and innocent as ever  so when i said
that i had not seen it since it was so ill treated in the terrible
whipping she had received from miss evelyn  she at once pulled up all
her petticoats for me to look at it 

 lie back for a moment on the bed  

she complied  i was delighted  the prominence her mons veneris had
assumed  the increased growth of moss like little curls  and the pouting
lips of her tiny slit all was most promising and charming  i stooped and
kissed it  licking her little prominent clitoris with my tongue  it
instantly hardened  and she gave a convulsive twitch of her loins 

 oh  charlie  how nice it is  what is it you are doing  oh  how nice 
oh  pray go on  

but i stopped  and said 

 not at present  my darling sister  but when we can get away together i
will do that and something much better  all connected with the great
secret i have got to tell you  so run downstairs  and tell them why i
had overslept myself  but not a word to anyone about what i have told
you  i will be down in a trice  

she went away  saying 

 oh  charlie  dear  what you did just now was so nice  and has made me
feel so queer  do find an early opportunity of telling me all about it  

very few minutes sufficed to finish my toilet and bring me to the
breakfast table 

 why  charlie   broke out my mother   what is this horrid dream  

 i can hardly tell you  my dear mother  it was so confused  but i was
threatened to be murdered by horrid looking men  and at last taken to
high rocks and thrown down  the agony and fright awoke me  screaming 
and all over perspiration  i could not sleep for hours after  even
though i hid my head under the clothes  

 poor child   said mrs  benson  who was quietly eating her breakfast 
 what a fright you must have had  

 yes  ma am  and at the same time  as i awoke with a scream  i was
afraid i might have disturbed you  for all at once i remembered i was no
longer in mamma s room  but next door to you  i hope i did not wake
you  

 oh  no  my dear boy  i never heard you  or i should have got up to see
what was the matter  

so it passed off  and no further observation was made about it  but i
once caught mrs  benson s eye  and the expression and a slight nod was a
sign of approval of my story  after breakfast we went as usual to the
schoolroom  i thought miss evelyn was kinder in her manner to me than
usual  she made me stand close to her when saying my lessons 
occasionally letting her left arm fall round my neck  while she pointed
to my book with the finger of the right  and there was always a certain
pressure before raising her arm again  these little caresses were
frequently repeated  as if she were wishing either to accustom me or
herself to a habit of it  so as  doubtless  gradually to increase them
to something more definite  i could not help feeling what a different
effect these endearments would have had twenty four hours earlier  but
now  momentarily satisfied passions  and the new love that had seized me
for mrs  b   prevented at first the inevitable cockstand that would
otherwise have been produced by these approaches of miss evelyn  not
that i had given up all desire to possess her  on the contrary  my last
night s instruction only made me more anxious to have miss evelyn too 
therefore  i by no means repulsed her present caresses  but looked up
innocently in her face  and smiled affectionately  in the afternoon she
was more expansive  and drew me to her by her arm round my waist  and
pressed me gently to her person  saying how well i was attending to my
lessons  and how sorry she was to have been obliged to punish me so
severely the week before 

 you will be a good boy in future  will you not  dear charlie  

 oh  yes  as long as you are so kind to me  i love you so much  and you
are so beautiful when you speak so kindly to me  

 oh  you little flatterer  

and she drew me to her lips and gave me a sweet kiss  which i returned
with eagerness  i felt my prick had raised itself up to its full extent
as these caresses were exchanged  and as miss evelyn held me tight
pressed against her thigh  she must have felt it throbbing against her 
that she did so  i have no doubt  as her face flushed  and she said 

 there  now  that will do  go to your seat  

i obeyed  she rose in an agitated manner  left the room  and was absent
for a quarter of an hour  i had no doubt but that she was overcome by
her feelings  and i thought to myself she will manage to have me some of
these days  i could afford to leave it to her own discretion  as my
charming mistress of last night was there to keep me in exercise and
cool the effervescence of passion under which i should otherwise have
laboured  nothing particular occured during the day  mrs  b  was
apparently indifferent about me  and never sought to approach or be in
any way familiar  i studied her looks and followed her example  mamma
sent me early to bed  as she feared i had not had sleep enough the
previous night by reason of my bad dream  and hoped i should have no
more of the kind  this time my beautiful mistress found me sound asleep
when she came to bed  she did not awake me until she had completed her
night toilet  and was all ready to receive me in her arms  i sprung up 
and in an instant  without a word being said  had her on her back  and
was into her delicious cunt as far as i could drive my stiff standing
prick  my energy and fury seemed to please and stimulate the lady  for
she replied to every eager thrust with as eager a spring forward  in
such haste matters were very speedily brought to a crisis with mutual
sighs  and  oh s  and  ah s   we sank exhausted  and lay for a very
short time  when charming mrs  b  said 

 why  charles  you are quite wild to me  what a hurry you have been in 
but it was very nice  and i forgive you  but you must be more rational
in future  

 oh  my beloved mistress  how can i help it  you are so beautiful  and
so good to me  i quite adore and love every part of your charming body 
i know i was too impetuous  but i must make it up by kissing and
fondling the dear source of all my joys  

she did not resist  but let me do as i liked  pushing myself down the
bed  i applied my lips and tongue to her lovely cunt  all wet with our
mutual discharge  which was so sweet to the taste that i first began
licking between the lips  and then applied myself to her excited
clitoris  and with my finger and thumb working as on the previous
morning i threw her into an extasy of delight  until again she had a
delicious discharge  then creeping up  i thrust my prick into her
well moistened and velvety cunt as you may imagine it was rampant as
ever after my mouth contact with the exquisite quim i had been sucking 

 stop  charles  darling  i will show you another position  where you can
lie easily with your dear delightful prick up to the hilt in the sheath
you have so charmingly excited  here  lie down by my right side on your
side  

she lay down on her back  and throwing her right leg over my hips  told
me to bend my knees forward and open my legs  or rather lift up my right
leg  she placed her left thigh between my thighs  then slightly twisting
her bottom up towards me brought the lips of her cunt directly before my
prick  which she seized with her delicate fingers  and guided safely
into venus s grotto  i gave one or two shoves  and she a heave or two 
to house him comfortably 

 and now   she said   we will take it reasonably in this way  we can go
on  or stay occasionally  embrace  cuddle  or talk  just as we please 
are you quite comfortable  

 oh  deliciously so   i replied  as my hand wandered all over her
beautiful belly and bubbies  and then my mouth sucked the last 

 there  darling  that will do for the moment  i want to have some talk
with you  first  let me thank you for your very discreet behaviour this
day  it quite justifies the confidence i had in you  your story of the
dream was capital  and just suited the purpose  i hope  my dear charlie 
that under my auspices you will become a model lover your aptitude has
already proved in several ways  first and best  with all the appearance
of a boy  you are quite a man  and even superior to many  you have
already shown great discretion and ready wit  and there is no reason to
fear that you will become a general favourite with our sex  who soon
find out who is discreet and who is otherwise discretion is the trump
card of success with us  alas  few of your sex understand this  let me
impress one lesson on you  my dear charles  you and i cannot continue
long on our present footing  my husband will return and carry me away 
and although circumstances will throw us at intervals into each other s
arms for you may be sure you will be always welcome to me yet my very
absence will force you to seek other outlets to the passions i have
awakened and taught their power  i have one piece of advice to give you
as to your conduct to newer lovers for have them you must  my dear
charles  however much you may fancy yourself now attached to me  with
these  let them all for some time imagine that each possesses you for
the first time  first of all  it doubles their satisfaction  and so
increases your pleasure  your early discretion causes me to think that
you will see all the advantages of this conduct  i may add that if they
suppose you have had previous instruction  they  if they are women  will
never rest until they have drawn from you the secret of your first
instructress  you might  of course  tell some tale of a  cock and a
bull   but in searching for the truth and cross questioning you when you
are least aware of it  they will lead you into contradictions  and the
truth will at last be ferreted out  now this would be unjust to me  who
have risked a good deal to give you the delightful instructions of last
night  and  as i hope  of many more  so you see  my dear charles  in all
early cases you must enact the part of an ignoramus  seeking  for
instruction  with vague ideas of how to set about it  i hope  while i am
near you   she added   no such occasion will arise  but i feel certain 
with your passions and your power  dear  darling fellow push
away i  i  i feel for cer certain they will ar arise  

thus ended the very wise and excellent advice this charming woman was
giving me  do not imagine that i did not pay great attention  and 
indeed  her very reasonable maxims became the guide of my after life 
and i owe to them a success with women rarely otherwise obtained  her
sensible remark had been drawn out to such a length  that my prick had
so far rebelled that he had throbbed inside of her delicious cunt so
forcibly as to produce a happy movement of her body that interrupted and
cut short her words 

 charlie  my darling  pass your middle finger down and rub it on my
clitoris  and then suck the nipple of my bubby next you  and work away
with your glorious prick  

i did as desired  she seconded me with an art quite peculiar to herself 
and at last we both died away in that love s death which is so
overpowering and so delicious  the glorious position we were in rendered
it almost impossible to lose ground  spend as often as you please  but
if my prick had been one that would have shrunk to nothing  the
wonderful power of retaining it within her possessed by my delicious
mistress would have prevented the possibility of exit 

in after nights i have often fallen sound asleep with it entirely
engulphed within her  and awoke hours afterwards to find her
extraordinary power of retention had held him firm  notwithstanding his
having shrunk up to a mere piece of doughy flesh  in this instance 
after recovering our senses  i still retained my place  and we
recommenced our conversation  my lovely instructress giving me many and
most useful hints for my after life  i have often since dwelt on the
wisdom of all she so charmingly taught me  and wondered how so young a
woman could have so thorough a knowledge of her sex and the world  i
suppose love is a great master and inspired her on this occasion  i may
here remark that for forty years afterwards this charming woman and i
remained the fastest of friends after being the most ardent of lovers 
she was the depository of all my erotic extravagancies  and never showed
any jealousy  but really enjoyed the recital of my wildest love combats
with others 

alas  death at last took her from me  and i lost the mainstay of my
existence  forgive this digression  but i am writing long after these
events  and sorrows will have their vent  woe is me 

to return to present joys  we continued talking and toying  until i was
again anxious to commence love s combat  my prudent mistress wished me
to finish for the time  and to sleep and refresh ourselves for renewed
efforts  but youth and strength nerved me for the fight  and being
securely fixed  i held her as in a vice  with my thighs around only one
of hers that could have allowed her to escape  passing my finger down on
her stiffened clitoris i so excited her that she had no wish but to
bring matters to a crisis 

 stop  my dear   she said   and we will renew our pleasure in another
attitude  

so withdrawing her leg off my loins  she turned on her side  so as to
present her glorious buttocks before me  and pressed them into my belly
and against my thighs  which seemed to introduce my prick even further
than he was within before  besides  in all these positions  where a
woman presents her splendid backside to you  it is always more exciting 
and has a greater hold of you than any other way  we did most thoroughly
enjoy this splendid fuck  and without withdrawing  both fell into the
sweetest imaginable slumber  this was one of those occasions in which 
having fallen asleep engulphed  i awoke some five hours later  to find
my prick still lightly held within the velvety folds of one of the most
delicious cunts ever created for the felicity of man  or  i may say 
woman either  you may easily imagine how soon my prick swelled to his
wonted size on finding himself still in such charming quarters  i let
him lay quite still  barring the involuntary throbs he could not avoid
making  and bending my body away from my lovely mistress  i admired her
breadth of shoulders  the beauty of her upper arm  the exquisite  chute 
of her loins  the swell of her hips  and the glorious projection and
rotundity of her immense buttocks  i slowly and gently pushed in and out
of her juicy sheath  until  awakened by the exquisite sensations of my
slow movements  all her lubricity was excited  and we ended one of our
most delicious encounters  finishing  as usual  with a death like
exhaustion  she declared i had done enough for one night  and jumping
out of bed  compelled me to betake myself to my own room  where  i must
confess  i very shortly slept as sound as could be  without at the same
time oversleeping myself 

thus passed several successive nights  until the full of the moon  when
one day mrs  b  complained of headache and feeling unwell  i was very
much alarmed  but she took occasion to tell me it was quite natural  and
she would explain to me how it was so at night  i was obliged to be
content with this  at night  she came and sat on my bed  and told me all
the mysteries of the case  how women  not with child  had these
bleedings monthly  which  so far from being hurtful  were a relief to
the system  and that they happened at the full or the new moon 
generally at the former  further  that all connection with men must
cease at such a time  i was in despair  for my prick was stiff enough to
burst  however  my kind and darling mistress  to relieve me from the
pain of distention  took my prick in her mouth  and performed a new
manoeuvre  wetting her middle finger with her saliva  she thrust it up
my bottom hole  and worked in unison with the suction of the knob  and
the frigging of the root of my prick with the other hand  i had a most
exquisite and copious discharge  the pleasure being greatly enhanced by
the action of the finger up my fundament  my charming mistress swallowed
all i could give her  and did not cease sucking until the last drop had
exuded from my throbbing prick 

i was obliged to be satisfied with this  and my mistress informed me i
could have no more enjoyment for four or five days  which  to my
impatience  was like condemning me to as many ages of hope deferred  i
observed  while she was kissing me  that her breath had a peculiar
odour  and i asked her what she had been eating 

 why do you ask  my dear boy  

 because of the difference of your breath  generally so sweet and
fragrant  

she smiled and said it was all from the same cause she had just been
explaining to me  and was very generally so with women at that period  i
mention this because it was the means of my discovering that miss evelyn
was exactly in the same state  she had continued her endearing caresses
without proceeding much further than i have already described  except
more frequently kissing me  she now always did so on first entering the
schoolroom  and also when we were dismissed  i suppose to prevent an
observation or inference  she had adopted the same habit with my
sisters  on this day  having drawn me with her arm round my waist close
to her  when she kissed me i felt the very same odour of breath that i
had observed in mrs  benson  she too was languid that day and complained
of headache  i also observed a dark line under her eyes  and on
afterwards observing mrs  b   saw precisely the same so i became
convinced they were unwell from the same cause  mrs  b  had told me that
most women were so at the full of the moon which was then the case 

the next day my mother proposed to drive to town  and probably knowing
the state of the case  asked mrs  b  and miss evelyn to accompany her 
as she thought the airing would be beneficial  they at once accepted my
younger sister cried out   oh  mamma  let me go with you also   mary
interposed  and thought she had the best right but lizzie said she had
spoken first  i managed to give mary a wink and a shake of the head 
which she instantly comprehended  so gracefully giving way  although
with apparent reluctance  it was arranged that eliza should accompany
the ladies  i now felt my opportunity was at hand to initiate my darling
sister into the delightful mysteries that i had just been myself
instructed in 

at eleven o clock the carriage drove up  and we stood looking after them
until they were lost to sight  then returning into the parlour  mary
threw her arms round my neck  and kissing me  said 

 oh  i am glad  charlie  you winked to me  for now you know we can do as
we like  and you can tell me all about this secret  and you must kiss my
little fanny as you did before  it was so nice  i have thought of
nothing else  but how to have it done again  

 well  my darling  i shall do all that  and more  but we cannot do so
here  i tell you what we will do we will pretend to go for a long walk
in the country  but instead of that  we will pass through the shrubbery
into the orchard and hazelwood  and so gain the little remote summer
house  of which i have secured the key  there we shall be safe from all
observation  

this little summer house was at some distance from the house  and in a
lonely corner of the orchard  raised on an artificial mount  so that its
windows should command a lovely view beyond the walls of the grounds  it
was about ten feet square was beautifully sheltered  and the ladies in
summer took their work there  and occupied it for hours every fine day 
so it was furnished with tables and chairs  and on one side a long couch
without a back  it had already entered into my idea that this was the
spot i should contrive to get to with mary little thinking how chance
would throw so glorious an opportunity in my way so soon  it was always
kept locked to prevent it being used by the servants  gardeners  or
others  i knew where the key was kept  and secured it when the ladies
were dressing for their drive so after staying sufficiently long to
prevent any suspicion  and saying then we were going for a long walk in
the country  so as to prevent them seeking for us at the summer house if
any visitors should chance to call  we sallied out  but re entered the
grounds where we could not be observed  and speedily gained the spot we
had in view entered and locked the door  then i drew down the blinds 
threw off my coat and waistcoat  and told mary to take off her shawl and
bonnet  and outer gown 

 but why all this  charlie  dear  

 first  my darling all those are in the way of kissing and toying with
your charming little fanny  and next  i don t want anything to appear
tumbled when we go back  

this was enough  and she did everything as i desired  indeed  more  for
she took off her petticoat and little corset  saying she would be cooler
thus  so  following her example  i took off my trousers  saying she
would be better able to see and play with my doodle  when these
preliminaries were accomplished  i drew her on my knees first pulling up
her shift and my own shirt  so that our naked flesh should be in
contact  seeing that her chemise fell off from her bosom  i first felt
her little bubbies  which were beginning to develop themselves  and had
the tiniest little pink nipples that even my lips could hardly get hold
of  she had pulled up my shirt to look again at the great change that
had occured to my prick of course  our preliminaries had already excited
it to a stiff standing position 

 oh  charlie  what a size it is to be sure  and how nice to pull this
skin over its head  look how it runs back again  oh  how funny  

it was time to stop this  or she would have soon made me discharge 

 well  then  what is this great secret  and what has it to do with your
doodle and my fanny  

 i will tell you  but you must never say a word to a soul not even to
eliza  she is too young yet  

 well  go on  

 i was one day seeking something in the closet in mrs  benson s room 
when i heard them coming  and had only the time to slip into the closet 
they entered  locked the door  and mr  b  laid her on the bed  and
lifted up all her petticoats so that i saw her fanny quite surrounded
with hairs  as yours will be by and by  mr  b  stooped down  and applied
his tongue as i did to you the other morning  

 oh  yes  and it was so nice  charlie  

 that is exactly what mrs  b  said when he had done  then he pulled out
his doodle  such a size  much bigger than mine  and whipped it into her
fanny  i was quite frightened  and thought he must have killed her  but
no  it went in quite easy  and she hugged and kissed him while he pushed
it up and down for some time  till they both stopped all at once  he
then drew it out  hanging down all wet  and asked if it had not given
her great pleasure   delightful   she said   i have now got used to it 
but you know you hurt me  and made me so sore the first time you did
it   after this they left the room  and i got away without being
discovered  but i found out what our two things were made for  we will
do as they did  so lie down on the couch whilst i kneel at the end  and
begin in the way i kissed it the other morning  

 oh  charlie  if it is all like that  i shall be so pleased with it  

down she squatted  drawing up her chemise  my hand wandered all over her
charming belly and mount  then kneeling down  and putting her legs over
my shoulders  and my hands under her thighs and bottoms  i applied my
tongue at once to her little clitoris  which i found was already stiff 
and showing its head at the upper part of her pinky slit  the action of
my agile tongue produced an instantaneous effect her loins and thighs
heaved up her bottom to press her little pouting cunt against my face 
mechanically she put her hand on my head  and muttered terms of
endearment 

 oh  darling charlie  how delicious  oh  do go on  it is so nice   c  

i wanted no stimulant  but licked away until  with shortened breath  and
greater heavings of her body  she began to stammer 

 oh  oh  i feel so queer ah  stop  i am going to faint i  i  i 
can t can t bear it any longer oh  oh   her limbs relaxed  and she died
away in her first discharge  which was very glutinous and nice  but only
scanty in quantity  i let her quiet until she came to  then looking in
her face  and smiling  i asked her how she liked it 

 oh  i was in heaven  dear charlie  but i thought it was killing me it
was almost too much to bear nothing could be more delicious  

 oh  yes   i replied   there is something more delicious still  but  i
must kiss you in this way again before we try the other  the more moist
the inside is the easier i shall get in  

 but  charlie  you don t mean to say you will ever get in your doodle 
now that it has grown so big  

 well  we will try  and if it hurts you too much we can stop  

so i began again to gamahuche her  this time it took a longer effort to
produce the ultimate result  but apparently with still greater effect 
and a more copious discharge  her little cunt being now relaxed  and
well moistened with her own discharge and my saliva  and well inclined
to receive my prick  i spat upon it and lubricated it from head to root 
then rising from my knees  i stretched myself over mary s belly  and
gently directing my prick  and rubbing it up and down first between the
lips  and exciting her clitoris by the same action  i gently and
gradually inserted its head between the lips of her charming little
cunt  there was less difficulty than might have been expected  the
gamahuching and double spending had relaxed the muscles  and her
passions being excited also acted on her organs of generation  at all
events  i got in the head  and about two inches of its length without
her murmuring anything beyond 

 how big it feels it seems to stretch me so  

all this was exciting me dreadfully  and it was only by the greatest
effort that i did not thrust rudely forward  i now felt i was pushing
against some obstacle  i thrust hard and hurt her  she cried out  begged
me to stop  i was so near the finale that i felt i must go on  so 
plunging forward  i rushed  at the impediment  and made her cry out most
lustily  probably another push would have decided my position  but
nature could hold out no longer  and i yielded down my erotic tribute to
her virginal charms  without having actually deflowered her  so far 
perhaps  it was fortunate  because i poured into her a torrent of sperm
which was not only balm to her partially wounded hymen  but so relaxed
and lubricated the interior of her cunt as greatly to facilitate my
after efforts 

i lay quiet still for some time  and the gradual swelling out and
throbbing of my prick reawakened her young passions  she said 

 charlie  my dear  you said that it would prove delicious in the end 
and i can feel it is becoming so  i have no more pain  and you shall go
on just as you like  

as my prick stiffened at her endearing words and involuntary pressures 
and as i had it completely under control  since i had taken the edge off
its immediate appetite by the last discharge  i held it literally well
in hand  and as i had lost no ground by withdrawing  i started with the
advantage of possession  first i slipped my hand down between our two
bellies and began frigging her clitoris  which immediately excited her
passions to the highest pitch 

 oh  charlie  dear  now push it all in i do so long for it and i don t
care how it hurts me  

i had been giving short thrusts more to stimulate her passions than to
alleviate my own  and as she was totally unaware of what was going to
happen  she widened her thighs and heaved up her bottom  expanding her
vagina in the act  i gathered my strength together  and as my cock was
standing as stiff as iron  i suddenly drove it forward  and felt that i
broke through something  and gained two inches more insertion at least 
the effect on my poor sister was most painful  she shrieked out lustily 
strove hard to unsheath me  wriggled her body in all directions to
effect this  but i was too securely engulphed for that  and all her
struggles only enabled me the more easily to sheathe him up to the very
hairs  so excited was i by her tears and screams  that i was no sooner
there than a torrent of sperm burst from me  and i lay like a corpse on
her body  but perfectly maintaining the ground i possessed  this
death like quiet lasted some minutes  and  to a certain extent  assuaged
the violence of the pain i put poor mary to  doubtless  also  the balmy
nature of the ample quantity of sperm i had shot up to her womb helped
to soothe her suffering  at all events  when we were both able again to
converse  she unbraided me with the agony i had caused her  and wished
me to get off her at once  but retaining the advantageous possession of
her very tight and delicious sheath  i told her all was now over  and we
might look forward to nothing but enrapturing pleasure 

some minutes had elapsed in these remonstrances on one side  and
coaxings on the other  when i suddenly felt her charming little cunt
actually throb upon and give an involuntary squeeze to my prick  which
was still throbbing her  he was far too ready to stand at any time 
still more when engulphed in the exquisite young cunt he had just
initiated into love s mysteries  bref  he stood stiff as ever  and mary 
at first with a shudder of fright  then with all the energy of awakened
passion  began to move her body under me  i held off from any
interference  feeling certain that if the desire came naturally to her
it would doubly enhance my own pleasure  my foresight did not fail me 
mary s passions became fully aroused  and when so  the trifling soreness
passed out of mind  and we actually had a most delicious fuck  in which
my prick appeared as if in a vice  and mary wriggled her backside almost
as well as the more artistic movements of mrs  benson  all things must
come to an end  but this did so amid screams of delight on both sides 
this single bout began and finished the education of my darling sister 
she hugged and fondled me afterwards  declaring i was quite right in
telling her pleasure followed pain  for nothing could exceed the
enrapturing nature of the sensation my prick had produced  she thought
now that it was not a bit too big  but just made to give the utmost
satisfaction  we remained locked in each other s arms  my prick still
engulphed in its tight and exciting sheath  we fondled and prattled 
until it became again in a state of violent erection  equally
stimulating her tight little cunt  so that we were forced to recommence
our love encounter  i found that my dear little sister possessed
naturally the power of throbbing on or nipping a prick  which the french
call  casse noisette   it is a great gift and adds immensely to the
man s pleasure  and i should think to the woman s too  in my sister s
case it began from the very first complete insertion of my prick and the
years that i afterwards continued to fuck her added nothing to this
delicious accomplishment  except in the variety of positions in which it
could be exercised 

the dear girl was in extasies at the pleasure she had received  and at
the pain which seemed to be past  oh  she was so sweetly caressing that
i could not withdraw from her  and we fondled and toyed until again my
cock rose to his first vigour  and she nothing loath  began her new and
naturally taught gift of bottom upheavings and cunt pressures until
again we sank exhausted in the death like ending of love s battles  on
recovering our senses  i was obliged to withdraw and relieve my sister
of the dead weight of my body on her person 

it has always struck me as extraordinary how the most delicate women
will support a heavy man on their persons  not only without flinching 
but even with ease and pleasure but so it is  on rising and withdrawing 
we were both alarmed to see that my prick was all bloody  and that blood
and semen were oozing from her cunt  we had no idea this would be the
case  and at first i was as frightened as she was  a moment s reflection
showed me that it was only the natural result of forcing my way in  and
that the pleasure since enjoyed proved it to be of no consequence  i
soon convinced and calmed my sister on the point fortunately the sofa
covering was red  and applying my handkerchief  i wiped up all the semen
mixture  and  in fact  no marks remained  the same handkerchief wiped
all results from mary s dear little cunt  and as her shift had been kept
well up  fortunately no stains appeared upon that 

we now ate some luncheon and drank some wine that we had prudently
brought with us  we then began playing and romping together she wanting
always to get hold of my prick  and i to pull her about in every way  it
was gloriously warm weather  so i proposed we should off with
everything  in a trice we were as naked as we were born  and flew into
each other s arms in a frenzy of delight  then we had a mutual thorough
inspection  my darling sister gave every promise of becoming a
magnificent woman her shoulders were already wide her arms well shaped 
although still thin her waist small the swell of the hips already well
developed as to her bottom  it stuck out well and hard behind  quite
charming to see  and giving promise of very ample dimensions hereafter 

i made her kneel on the low couch  with her head well up and her thighs
open  kneeling behind  i gamahuched her until she spent  then rising 
shoved my prick into her cunt  in her then position  and had a downright
good poke  which she  too  found was a way that gave her extra
excitement  we passed thus some hours in mutual delights  i taught her
the side fuck which had so charmed me with my delightful instructress 
and i found dear mary even an apter scholar than myself had proved  the
afternoon advancing  we dressed  and eradicating all signs of what we
had been doing  returned to the house  mutually promising to keep
thoroughly secret all that had passed and agreeing that no sign of
unusual familiarity should escape us  i strongly advised mary to get
some warm water and bathe her cunt well  for  as may be supposed  i had
taken the opportunity of teaching her the true erotic language as
applied to the organs of generation of both sexes  and the name of the
connection itself   fucking  

thus delightfully ended the first lesson in love taught to my sister 
and such was my first triumph over a maidenhead  double enhanced by the
idea of the close ties of parentage between us  in after life  i have
always found the nearer we are related  the more this idea of incest
stimulates our passions and stiffens our pricks  so that if even we be
in the wane of life  fresh vigour is imparted by reason of the very fact
of our evasion of conventional laws 

we had both returned to the drawing room for more than an hour before
the arrival of the ladies  dear mary complained of feeling sore and
stiff in every limb  i had advised her to lie down on the sofa and try
to sleep  i did the same  and happily we both dozed off  and never awoke
until the loud rat tat of arrival at the house door roused us up  i told
mary to hide all appearance of pain  and only to say  as an excuse for
going early to bed  that we had gone further afield than we at first
intended  and that she was very tired  we were both sent early to bed 
for i was still treated as quite a boy  and i was sound asleep when my
charming mrs  b  woke me up by her warm caresses  i could well have
spared them that night  but when did one of my years not respond to the
endearments of the woman he loved  and who yielded all to him  she
sucked me dry as usual  and i slept soundly till morning 

the next three days passed without anything to record  mary did not
allow her real soreness to appear  but heroically went through her
sufferings  for she told me afterwards she felt very severe pains all
over  doubtless her whole nervous system had been overexcited  and this
was the natural reaction  it was so far fortunate that not a shadow of a
chance of our having fresh connection occurred  so she had time to
perfectly recover from the ill effects of her first initiation into the
erotic raptures  i continued to have the relief each night of the
charming mouth of my loved and beautiful instructress  at last  the
abominable  menses   as she called them  were past and gone  for a full
twenty four hours after  she would not allow me to reassume all the
privileges she had previously granted  and admit me to share her bed 
she told me this was necessary to prevent any recurrence  and also that
in some cases a virulent white discharge occasionally followed for some
hours  sufficiently acrid to affect my local health  and  that   she
added   was now too precious in her estimation to risk it in any way   i
thought it hard at the time  but it was only another proof of the
thoughtful wisdom of this estimable woman  at last  i was again in full
possession of her charming person  oh  how we did revel in all the
luxuries and lubricity  almost every night my enchanting friend found
some new position to vary and enhance our erotic raptures  one new dose
was laying me down flat on my back  then straddling over me  she sank on
her knees  and with body erect  lifted up or rather bent back my
stiff standing prick  until he was fairly below her open cunt  then
guiding it exactly to the proper entrance  she sank her body slowly down
upon it until fully engulphed  hair crushed hair  then as slowly raising
again  she drew off until all but the nut was uncovered  to again sink
down  in this position we could both see the whole process  at length 
becoming too excited  she sank on my bosom  then one arm and hand
pressed her splendid buttocks down on my throbbing prick after every
elevation of her magnificent backside while my other hand  doubling
round behind her  introduced the middle finger up her charming
bottom hole  and worked in and out in unison with both our heaving
movements  until stopped by the grand crisis  when death like languor
overcame us both almost at the same moment  i must not forget to mention
that from time to time i paid a visit to the small and rosy orifice that
lay so near to the more legitimate altar of venus  it was a variety of
enjoyment that my lovely mistress acknowledged to me she at times felt
much inclined to enjoy  but only after having the front path of pleasure
well fucked and lubricated with sperm  which alone caused the other
mucous membrane to feel inclined that way 

i will here insert a characteristic letter from my loved mistress to her
intimate and bosom school friend  with the reply thereto  it was several
years before they were shown to me  and some time after i had possessed
 both  the charming writers  for we all three became fast friends 
indeed  i may call myself or rather my prick  the pivot on which their
friendship turned  yet there never was the shade of jealousy on either
part  but in these remarks i am anticipating what i may  perhaps  be
hereafter tempted to describe more fully  i give these letters now 
because they immediately refer to the events i am at present relating 
they show the secret working of my loved mistress s mind  and the
voluptuous nature of her temperament  and the satisfaction that my
delicious initiation had given  her affectionate and flattering remarks 
relating to myself  are greater than i deserved  the following is the
first letter addressed to her friend 

mrs  benson to the hon  mrs  egerton 


dear carry 

i am about to keep my promise  and give you an account of our honeymoon 
you  my dear  must be equally faithful  and reply as frankly as i am now
about to write to you 

two giddier girls than you and i never entered the bonds of matrimony 
or more earnestly longed for the sights connected with it  well  after
the usual breakfast  we left by rail for leamington  where we were to
pass our first night  we had a  coup   to ourselves  and beyond seating
me on his knee  and kissing me  fred behaved with much decency and
propriety  we arrived and dined  the hour between tea and bedtime was
sufficiently tedious  as both of us were naturally much preoccupied  my
husband wrote a letter to mamma  telling her of our safe arrival  and of
his intense happiness  after which he asked me if i would go to bed  in
the most matter of fact way imaginable  i murmured an affirmative 
scarcely knowing what to say  he rang for a candle  and told me he would
follow shortly  it seemed like a dream to me  the maid showed me to a
room containing a large four post bedstead  heavily hung with curtains 
and provided with old fashioned furniture 

i seated myself on the edge of the bed and began to meditate  i sat
thus  for  i dare say  ten minutes  and then commenced undressing  i had
put on my nightgown  and removed everything but my stockings  when i
heard footsteps approach the door  i opened  and my husband entered 
closed it  and turned the key  oh  carry  i did feel so funny  i was
undressed in a bedroom with a man  and that man had a right to my
person  he seated himself in an armchair  and drew me on his knee 
nothing but my thin nightgown separated my bottom from his bare knee 
for he had quite undressed in an adjoining room and had nothing on but
his shirt under his dressing gown  which flew open as he sat down  he
drew my lips to his  and kissing me  thrust his tongue between them 
while his hand first caressed and squeezed my bosom  which  you know  is
pretty full and well developed  it then wandered down upon my thigh 
pressed and felt the fleshy form  little by little he approached my
belly  and for a moment pressed my mount  these preliminaries are at all
times exciting  but now they made me almost ill  so great was my
confusion  seeing this  he drew up my nightgown  and placed his hand 
first on my naked thigh  then on my mount  and you know  carry dear 
what a forest i have got there  he seemed delighted with it  his fingers
played with the silky curls  drawing them out to their full length  so
long that it appeared to surprise him  and his eyes sparkled  and his
face showed much excitement 

 open your thighs  dearest   he whispered 

i obeyed mechanically  and his middle finger forced itself between the
lips of my cunt  and commenced rubbing my clitoris  you know  by
experience  what an excitable one it is and to what a size it developes
itself when excited  again fred seemed delighted with his discovery 

 does that please you  my darling  

 yes   i faltered out 

he thrust his finger up my cunt  then rose up  threw off his
dressing gown  took me in his arms  and lifted me on the bed  placing a
pillow under my head  then letting my legs fall over the sides  he knelt
on the floor  and separating my thighs with his arms  stooped and kissed
my quim  he did more  he sucked and then licked with his tongue my
already excited clitoris  it set me on fire  and i could not avoid
showing it by the convulsive twitchings of my loins and buttocks 

 do you like that  my love  

 oh  yes  so much  so very much  

i was nearly mad with the excitement he was putting me into  he again
stood up  and lifting my legs  his hands pressed them again and again 

 what delicious legs   he exclaimed 

i could see his shirt bulging out  he leant forward  and with his arms
under my legs  lifted them well up  and i felt a stiff thick thing
pressing against my cunt  his left hand opened the lips  his right hand
guided it between them  and a cruel push lodged its great head
completely within  neither you  or i  carry  were strictly virgins  our
fingers and other means had opened our vaginas to a certain extent  we
had played too many tricks together to have left our maidenheads quite
intact  so that the passage was less difficult than it might have been 
nevertheless  it had never been penetrated by the male organ  and that
of my husband was of the largest  i experienced  therefore  a great deal
of pain  and cried out 

 oh  my dear fred  you hurt me dreadfully  what are you doing  

 doing  my darling  why  i am getting into you  have a little patience 
and i will make you mad with pleasure  

another determined thrust sent him halfway  and then with another  still
more violent  he lodged himself up to the hilt within  i screamed with
real pain  and struggled to free myself 

 good heavens  sir  you are killing me  i will not endure such
treatment  

he heeded me not  but holding me fast by the thighs commenced shoving in
and out furiously  a sensitive woman never receives an insertion of this
kind with impunity  the friction began to excite feelings that first
deadened the pain of entrance  and then began to awaken the delicious
sensations of lubricity  the enjoyment i began to experience was
delicious  and i could not refrain from heaving up to meet his thrusts 

 that is right  my angel  was i not correct in saying it would soon turn
from pain to pleasure  do you not enjoy it now  

 yes  but you make me feel so funny  i don t know what it is  

his increased and rapid movement filled me with delight  i bounded up
and down in response to his thrusts  and felt so queer when  all of a
sudden  he gasped for breath  stopped  and i felt a greater and stiffer
swelling of his instrument  and then a gush of hot liquid dashed against
my womb  which continued running for some seconds  this  carry  was my
first experience of what a man can do for us 

withdrawing his huge affair for he since admits he is larger than most
men letting go my thighs he pressed down upon me  and tenderly embraced
me  and said that i had behaved admirably  in future there would be no
more pain  and from what he had already experienced he felt sure i was
made for the fullest enjoyment that husband and wife could indulge in 
after a little fondling  he rose  drew off my stockings  and helped me
into bed  immediately following me  on throwing back the clothes to
enter the bed  he said he must kiss the dear little hairy thing that had
given him such pleasure  he kissed and toyed with it admiring the
profusion of hair on my mount  the whiteness and beauty of my belly  and
then  baring my breasts  admired  kissed  and sucked them  all this not
only excited me  but i could see very well it had again caused his
affair to stick out  seeing that i was timidly glancing at it  he seized
my hand  and made me lay hold of it  showed me how the skin covered and
uncovered its head  then becoming rampageous  he got on my belly and
between my thighs  and again introduced his cock to where it had already
given such pleasure  he still rather hurt me  and made me smart for a
little while  but as the interior was well lubricated by his former
discharge  the penetration was easily accomplished  when up to the hilt 
and the two hairs were closely joined  he paused and said 

 we will take it less impatiently this time  that my darling bessie may
enter into all the joys of fucking  for that is what we call it my dear 
so i shall go slowly to work until my darling s passions awake and
urgently call for more rapid movements  

he did so  and gradually produced the most lascivious excitement in my
whole body  i writhed beneath him in the utmost extasy  threw my arms
round his body  and hugged him to me 

 oh  you are an angel   he cried   and made for enjoyment  throw your
legs also over my back there  that is it and now i will hasten my
movements  and we will die away together  

oh  the delight he gave me was inexpressibly delicious  his rapid and
eager thrusts were as eagerly met by the upheaving of my bottom to
reciprocate them  the grand crisis seized us simultaneously  and we sank
momentarily exhausted in each other s arms  leaving the dear exciter of
such joys soaking within  my dear husband was so pleased  he kissed and
fondled me in the sweetest manner  telling me that never woman before
had yielded him such intense pleasure  that nature had prompted me to as
much enjoyment as if i had been already married a month 

we were locked closely in the warmest embrace  his tenderness and
fondling began to have its effect on my passions  and involuntarily i
made some internal convulsive twitchings 

 i feel you  my darling  calling on my instrument for renewed efforts 
he will soon respond  

and  in fact  i felt it swelling and swelling so deliciously that i
could not help continuing the interior pressures  although feeling
confusedly ashamed of the notice my husband took of it 

 don t be afraid  my sweetest love  but give way to whatever your
passions dictate  and thus you will best please me  and give to yourself
double enjoyment  i mean to initiate you into every secret that the
rites of venus possess  and wish that my loved wife should become a
devoted votary  and i will do my best that she may revel in all the
luxuries of perfect coition  

we completed this course with even greater abandon than before  and i
began to enjoy his embraces beyond anything our imaginations used to
suggest  this time he withdrew and lay down by my side  and taking me
within both his arms  continued his charming endearments  i never slept
that night  i was in a fever of restless excitement  my husband fucked
me five times before he dozed off  towards morning i tossed and tumbled 
and could not sleep  daylight soon came  my restlessness had shaken all
the bed clothes off  except a part of the sheet  and turning towards my
husband  i perceived that the sheet stuck up over the lower part of his
body  curiosity seized me i looked at him  and saw he was evidently
sleeping  so gently removing the sheet  i beheld the dear instrument of
all my last night s joys as well as pains  you know how we used to long
to see man s cock when we were at school  and how  when we did sometimes
see a boy s limp thing hanging down  we used to wonder what change would
come over it  and how  well  here was an opportunity of examining  at my
ease  the wonderful curiosity that had so puzzled us  the last edge of
the sheet passing over it touched its ruby head  it throbbed and
pulsated to the view  i was afraid this had awakened fred  but no  he
slept as sound as ever  so i gently raised myself on my bottom  and
gazed on the dear object i had so longed to see and feel  there it stood
up like a pillar  rather bending towards his belly  and what surprised
me much was to see a dark strongly wrinkled bag at its roots  with
apparently two large balls inside  the hair on its roots spread in dark
mass up to his navel  and beautifully bright and curling it was  i
approached my lips  and made the action of kissing  without touching it 
whether it felt my warm breath  i know not  but it actually throbbed a
response  what a great big thing it was  equally long as it was thick  i
did not think i could encircle it with my hand  i longed to try  but was
afraid i should waken fred  and what would he think of me  i blushed at
the very idea  but my passions became excited  and too strong to resist
the temptation  so first lying gently down again  i very quietly dropped
my arm over him and touched his cock  it throbbed at the touch  but fred
slept on  so raising myself again  i very gently laid hold of it  it was
as much as i could grasp below the head  but was beyond my grasp at the
root  i found it took three of my hands to measure its length from the
root to the nut  which stood out in all its redness above  i was almost
breathless with excitement  and lost some of my caution  stooping down 
i gently kissed the ruby head  when  before i knew where i was  it was
pushed up into my mouth  and my husband s voice said 

 oh  you dear darling creature  how kind of you to waken me so
luxuriously  

i was horrified at being discovered  and blushing up to the eyes  i hid
my face in his bosom 

 do not be ashamed  my angel  it is now as much yours as mine  and have
you not as much right to see  kiss  and handle it  come  don t be
ashamed  

however  i could not face him  and when he tried to raise my head i
turned my back  he seized me round the waist  and  before i knew where i
was  passed a hand between my thighs  and guided his huge cock to the
lips of my cunt  and was in me  i thought further than ever  in a
moment  it is true the previous toying with his instrument had terribly
excited me  and i had felt that my cunt had become very moist  but i had
no idea that anything could be accomplished in that position  i was most
delightfully undeceived  for not only did it feel tighter in it  but
transferring his fingers from guiding his prick  he touched and played
with my clitoris  and produced such excessive lubricity that i went off
and spent with a scream of delight before he was ready  but continuing
with finger and cock to ravish me inside and out  he soon brought me
again to such a pitch of lewdness that i was quite ready to spend with
him when the grand crisis arrived  nothing could exceed the pleasure  my
internal pressures  he declared  were the most exquisite he had ever
experienced  my clitoris  too  he declared was quite unique  you
remember how it used to stick out when excited as far as the first thumb
joint  and how  when sometimes i played the husband on your belly  you
declared that it actually entered between the lips of your cunt  rubbed
against your smaller development  and gave you great pleasure  as indeed
it gave me  my husband has often examined and sucked it  and admires it
beyond measure  at present he did not withdraw  declaring that i held
him so tight he did not think he could pull it out if he tried  in fact 
it was involuntary on my part  and i could not help clinging to his dear
instrument for the life of me 

oh  how he fondled and embraced me  making me partially turn my body so
that he might kiss and tongue me  and then suck my bubbies  his busy
finger all the time tickling and frigging my clitoris  i soon felt his
cock swelling so deliciously within me  and he shortly recommenced his
rapturous pushings in and out  we made a long  long bout of it  and i am
sure that i spent twice before joining him at the last moment  when he
died away in a shout of joy that i feared must have been heard by the
servants in the house  who long before this had been on the move  after
this we lay soaking and enjoying it for more than half an hour  when my
husband declared he felt as if a wolf was at his stomach  and that he
must have some breakfast  he got up and quickly dressed  desiring me to
lie still  and he would bring me some breakfast in bed  and that  while
it was getting ready  he would order some warm water to bathe myself
with  i felt his delicacy  and loved him for it  the water came  i was
much refreshed after using it  and got into bed again  but i felt
awfully stiff and done up all that and next day 

my darling husband waited on me himself at breakfast  stimulating me to
eat freely as a means of restoring my lost strength  which he very soon
put to the test again  for he fucked me three times during the day  and
each time he gave me greater pleasure than before  he was just as active
at night  and the whole three weeks we stayed at leamington  he never
fucked me less than four times a night  declaring that i had become most
perfect in the exercise 

we then came here  our old friend  mrs  roberts  having kindly insisted
upon our paying her a long visit fred has been called away suddenly and
will not return for a month  i am sure you will pity me  as you know my
temperament is too hot to keep chaste so long  you remember charlie
roberts  you would consider him a child  but he is not so  one afternoon
fred followed me into my bedroom  as was usual  and gamahuched and
fucked me on the edge of the bed  i was about to leave the room after he
was gone  when on opening a closet  in which my dresses were hung  who
should i discover but this same charlie  i was in a fix 

there was no doubt the lad had seen everything  i spoke kindly to him 
and he promised secrecy  in order to ensure it  i determined to have his
maidenhead  a few days afterwards my husband left me  and the girls with
their mamma and the governess went to town with him  leaving charlie to
keep me company  i went upstairs with him to the drawing room  and
seating myself in a low chair  crossed my legs carelessly  exposing
them  and letting the garter and part of the bare skin of one thigh be
visible  the effect was what i expected  i saw charlie s eyes fixed on
the exposure  he blushed scarlet  and i could distinctly see his cock
swell out under his trousers  in a little while i had unbuttoned them 
and  oh  carry  would you imagine it  i found he had the cock of a man 
i could scarcely believe my eyes  he is not quite fifteen  and yet he is
almost as large as fred  here was a godsend  indeed  i drew up my
petticoats  and the gallant little fellow instantly fell on his knees 
kissed and sucked my cunt  to reward him  i placed him on his back on
the couch  and got on the top of him  i took his pego into my mouth  and
pressed my cunt against his face  we devoured each other with our
luxurious caresses until we both spent copiously  nothing was lost  we
both greedily swallowed all we could get 

at home he is looked upon as still a child  and i had little difficulty
in arranging for him to sleep in a little dressing room adjoining my
bedroom  with which there is a door of communication  he was sent early
to bed  but when i came i found him still awake  expecting me  and i had
the delicious treat of initiating him into the pleasures of fucking  if
you ever wish to enjoy  par excellence  this pleasure  get hold of a
vigorous boy who has never had a woman  my good fortune threw into my
hands a wonderfully provided youth  whose aptitude  as well as size and
powers  it would be very difficult to match  i had already given him
several lessons in the enrapturing art when we fell asleep  and now i
must mention a little episode  which it would not do to omit 

in the morning i was dreaming of fred  when i became conscious that
something was entering me  i was in that half dreaming state when it is
difficult to be quite certain what is happening  but gradually i became
aware that although there was no doubt i was being entered  it was not
in the usual way  my husband had frequently of late pushed his prick up
my bottom hole  and as he told me that all husbands did so  i could make
no objections  i  therefore  at first took it for granted that fred 
finding my naked bottom in his lap  could not resist the temptation of
entering it  i  therefore  humoured him  and so moved my bottom as to
facilitate his complete entrance  and began to feel myself the
excitement it occasioned  but as i became wider awake  i gradually
called to mind that fred had left me  and that charlie was my bedfellow 
the audacity of the young rogue paralysed me  but his delicious
movements had become too nice for me to think of dislodging him  he
insisted that he was quite unconscious of his mistake  and that he
believed himself buried in the delicious grotto of the night before  it
probably was so  for so perfect an ignoramus as he is  although ever so
apt a scholar in venus s rites  he could hardly have imagined there
could be any entrance in the smaller orifice  i let him go on  and with
his well hung cock in my bottom  and two or three fingers in my cunt  he
fucked and frigged me most deliciously  until we both spent in an agony
of pleasure  if  carry  you have not tried this route i strongly
recommend you to do so without delay  but you must be well fucked in the
first instance  to stimulate a desire in those parts  and your lover
must be up to the art of frigging you at the same time  or you can pass
your hand under your belly  and rub your clitoris  which was the plan i
adopted with charlie  until i taught him the art of rubbing the clitoris
properly  as there is always more excitement when this is done by a
male  it is better to have them when one can  but   faute de mieux  one
can do it oneself with much additional lascivious satisfaction 

to give you an instance of the precocious aptitude of this dear little
fellow  i mounted upon him one morning  keeping my body erect  that we
might see the delicious instrument in its action of being engulphed and
then withdrawn  a most exciting pose which i recommend you to try  if
your husband has not already taught it to you  at last  overcome by the
lascivious movements  i sank on his bosom  he pressed my bottom down
with one hand  and with the other embracing the nearer buttock 
introduced his middle finger up the rosy orifice of my bottom  and
frigged me in unison with our ups and downs of fucking  giving me the
most delicious additional sensations 

what do you think of that for a  tyro   his discretion  too  is
extraordinary  the first night after i sent him to his own bed  he
overslept himself  i had not thought of that  and had not looked into
his little room before descending to breakfast  his sister was sent to
call him  he at once excused himself by saying he had had a bad dream 
she came down and told us  in a few minutes he followed  and in the most
natural way possible  told a tale of fright  declared he had awoke
screaming and afterwards had been so frightened that he could not sleep 
and turning to me in the most natural way  hoped his scream had not
disturbed me  he never came near me  or appeared in any way attracted by
me a discretion worthy of a man of the world  oh  my dear carry  i shall
make a great deal of this boy  we have had several delicious nights
since  and he improves wonderfully  splendidly as my husband fucks 
charley already beats him  he is quite as often ready  indeed  oftener 
and it is i that hold him back  but there is something still so
charmingly infantine in his way of caressing me  and then the lascivious
idea he is all my own  and that i initiated him in love s mysteries 
adds an inexpressible charm to our lascivious encounters  i feel that i
shall almost regret my husband s return  as it will force me to give up
this delicious indulgence  not the slightest shadow of suspicion of our
doings is excited in the family  thanks to the very guarded and
admirable conduct of charlie  which is above all praise 

write to me soon  my dear carry  and be sure you are as candid as this
long  long letter is to you  for the life of me i could not make it
shorter  i only hope you will give me one as long  and have as much
delicious intelligence for me  i know you too well to suppose that you
have not found means as i have done  to try what other men are made of 
although you can scarcely have had such wonderful luck as mine  write
then  and write without reserve  our mutual affection is too sincere to
allow of any concealment whatever between two such loving and lewd
lascivious friends 

ever your affectionate friend 

e  benson 


such was the long letter my adored mistress wrote at the time to her
school companion  it will be seen that their attachment had led to
something more than the usual fingerings and caressings of school girls 
indeed  had led them on to the lewdest and most lascivious indulgences
that two girls could practise in common  and had first excited their
passions and given them the delicious power of pleasing coition they
were both so perfect in  for  as i before said  about two years after
this time  i was the possessor of both and many and many an orgy we
three had together  without the shadow of jealousy on any side  it will
be seen that mrs  egerton  in her reply  even looks forward to the
delicious indulgence  which in the end was happily effected and long
continued  the following is her reply 

the hon  mrs  egerton to mrs  benson 


how can i ever sufficiently thank my darling lizzie for her delicious
letter  i have devoured its delightful details a dozen times already  i
keep it in my bosom  and renew the pleasure of its perusal at every
spare moment   too long   oh  with such a charming power of description 
why did you not cover fifty more pages  never in my life have i enjoyed
such an exquisite description of those dear lascivious encounters  how
delighted i am at your good fortune in meeting with such a miracle of a
boy as that dear charlie roberts  why  he has every quality of a man 
united to the charm of extreme youth  what a splendid man he will
become  the very perfection of a lover  and already possessing so lewd
and lascivious a lubricity  oh  how i envy you his possession  what luck
for him too  to have fallen into the hands of so delicious a teacher as
my beloved lizzie is  am i not myself her pupil  and were you not my own
delicious instructress in all that one of our sex could teach each the
other 

you will remember a long standing engagement entered into  between us
made  when we were both so lewd and so longing for the real knowledge of
man  and how we pledged ourselves that if either got possession of a
lover  we should manage after a while to share him between us  your
description of charlie roberts has brought this pledge most vividly to
my recollection  i am sure my dear lizzie will not be angry or jealous
when i avow that i long to participate with her in the possession of
that darling boy  and if my lizzie is as of old  i feel certain she will
rather indulge and cultivate this propensity than otherwise  think how
easy it will be for us both to arrange the meeting of all three
together  because i wish to possess him in common  certain that it will
increase the lascivious pleasure of coition  no one will suspect us when
we drive out  two women with one man  it will naturally be supposed that
one fears the other  and so there will be no danger  see  here i am at
once anticipating future scenes  but it is all owing to the extremely
exciting and lascivious details you have so vividly given me 

i have no such delicious scenes to depict as those you have so
delightfully described to me  my honeymoon passed off in a much more
common place way than yours  our marriage  which was performed within a
day of your own  went off as such events do  my husband was loving 
without being very warm  i felt very much as you describe on going to
bed the first night  but the discretion or delicacy of my husband  which
i could well have pardoned him for dispensing with  left me time not
only to get into bed  but kept me waiting there some time  he entered
like yours in his dressing gown  but immediately put out the light and
found his way into bed  as best he could  he crept to my side and
embraced me tenderly enough  and began to fondle and kiss me  telling me
how dearly he loved me  etc   but for some time he avoided any indecent
liberties  i suppose he thought it necessary to gain my confidence and
quiet any alarm i might be in  he might have saved himself the trouble 
for in reality i was longing for and at the same time somewhat dreading
an attack on my maiden charms  at last  little by little  he approached
the object of delight  and eventually begging me not to be alarmed  he
mounted upon me and effected the object of his desires  he did not hurt
me much  not nearly as much as i expected  nor so much as you seem to
have suffered  i deemed it politic to affect more suffering than he
really inflicted  towards the end i had slight scintillations of
pleasure  but not worth mentioning  it is true my husband is not so
well armed as yours and charlie appear to be  and he is also much colder
in his passions  for instance  he did not attempt to fuck me again 
although i would have been gratified if he had done so  perhaps it was
considerate towards me in his idea  but  merely embracing me in his
arms  he talked himself and me to sleep 

in the morning he again fucked me  this time giving me something like
pleasure  but i was altogether disappointed with my night s experience 
it was not such as you or i  my dear lizzie  had pictured to ourselves 
in our anticipations of the marriage night  my husband since has never
exceeded twice a night  but he has become more exciting  and has
generally made me spend twice to his once  first exciting my passions by
feeling all my private parts  and frigging my clitoris  so that i
generally have lubricated the passage by my own discharge before he
attempts to make an entrance  i find he likes this  and so far it
pleases me  because only one discharge would leave me in a state of
excitement unbearable  he has never attempted any of those lewder and
more lascivious methods  of which you have had such delicious
experience  altogether  i cannot but say i am disappointed  my husband
is loving  and very anxious that i should improve my mind in every way 
you know i was rather more proficient than usual at school in italian 
my husband speaks it fluently  and as we mean to spend a winter at rome 
was anxious that i should have further instruction  he asked me if my
school teacher was a good one  but i did not encourage that idea  you
may remember our former master was a count fortunio  so handsome and so
enterprising that you and i had both formed the plan of having him  and
had already put over some of the preliminaries when  unfortunately  he
was caught with that impudent miss peace  with whom  doubtless  he had
accomplished everything  of course  he was instantly changed for
another  and we saw no more of him  to the sad disappointment of our
then libidinous hopes  my husband proposed advertising for a master 
when i had the happy instinct to tell him that schoolmistresses
generally applied to rolandi  of berner s street  for language masters 
and that  if he would write or call  he would be sure to get every
information  that evening  after dinner  as we sat dozing over the fire
in the library very imperfectly lighted my husband informed me that he
had seen rolandi  who had most strongly recommended a very gentlemanly
man  moving in good society  namely  the count fortunio  i started in
amazement  fortunately  owing to the half light we were in  my surprise
and confusion were unnoticed by my husband  he said that he had been
referred to one or two gentlemen of standing as to the count s
character  that he called upon them  and felt satisfied that i could not
be in better hands  you may imagine what an effect this information had
upon me  all night long i could think of nothing else  what seemed most
difficult to me was the hiding from my husband our previous knowledge of
each other  i feared the count would at once recognise me and claim
acquaintance  which was what i most wished to avoid  to you  from whom i
have no secrets  i may own it immediately occurred to me that this would
be an opportunity  for which i had in heart been longing  of obtaining
the services of a lover i could trust  how to manage it i knew not  but
chance  that favourer of all wrongdoers  stood me in good stead 

my husband had intended to be present to receive the count  fortunately 
a letter arrived in the morning requiring his instant attendance in the
city about the sale of some stock  of which he was trustee  he begged me
to see the count  and arranged as to hours of attendance   c   the more
frequently the better  i felt my embarrassment was at an end  the next
thing was to avoid letting the servants  those domestic spies on our
conduct  see the first meeting  there was a small room off our drawing
room that had no door but the opening into the drawing room  this was
fitted up as a sort of boudoir writing room  and my husband had pointed
it out as a convenient place for me to take my lessons in  here 
therefore  i posted myself  and awaited the hour of arrival  to which he
was punctual  he was announced and i told the servants to show him in  i
sat purposely with my back to the entrance  apparently engaged in
writing  as if i did not know he had approached  until i heard the door
of the drawing room shut  i then rose  turned  and smilingly held out my
hand  he started with surprise  but immediately and gallantly kissed the
hand held out to him 

 i hope you are not disappointed in finding who is going to be your
pupil  

 oh  no  certainly not  i did not know you under your married name  but
i am so happy to renew an acquaintance which at one time had such
charming promise  

 stop  signor  i am now married  and it is necessary to be very
cautious  i do not wish to deny that i am much pleased to renew
acquaintance with you  but it must be with great reserve  sit down by my
side  and be reasonable  

 reasonable  and by the side of one whom i so much loved  and from whom
i had such hope  oh  dear mrs  egerton  you are surely not going to
treat me as a mere master  you would render me miserable if you did so 
how can i help admiring one whom i so fondly loved  and with whom i
hoped for such happiness long ago  

here  having possession of my hand  his other arm was passed round my
waist  and he drew me to his lips  and i must own  i reciprocated the
ardent kiss he gave me  you remember how handsome he is  and how soft
and loving was the expression of his eyes  well  my dear  to cut matters
short  i was so excited that i hardly observed that he had passed his
hand up to my petticoats  until i found he had got it on my mount  my
passions being excited  and knowing that my husband could not return 
and also that he had given strict orders that i was not to be disturbed
in my italian lessons  i gave way unreservedly to the excitement the
count raised  before i well knew where i was  he was on his knees in
front of the low chair on which i was seated  he had thrown up my
petticoats  and i felt a long and extremely hard prick rush up my cunt 
and begin the most lively action  in fact  he carried me  not
unwillingly i must avow  by storm  and made haste to secure the fortress
at once  so that i had a very quick fuck  that did not assuage the fire
he had raised within me  he has since apologised for his haste  saying
that he wished to secure possession of me before i could think of
resistance  so as to ensure more facilities of connection hereafter  we
had no lesson in language that day  but another bout of love  in which
he did his utmost  and with perfect success  to give me the most
delicious enjoyment 

in fact  my dear lizzie  i may say it was the first fuck that thoroughly
realised my  or rather our  anticipations of the act  we arranged the
line of conduct necessary to be followed so as neither to compromise me
or him either  in a short time we had again a delicious fuck  seated 
with outstretched legs  on a chair  he got me to straddle over him  and
sink down on his stiff upstanding prick  i have tried this position
kneeling  with my husband on his back  but it does not equal the chair
fuck  one has so much better a spring from one s feet than from one s
knees  besides  the man is brought more face to face  and there is more
facility for mutual embracings  but both ways have their charm  i had
repeatedly observed that the count apparently lost his place  and on
recovering it  partially penetrated the smaller orifice  which you so
picturesquely describe  i thought it accident  and as it hurt  i always
put him back  and joked him on his awkwardness  but after i read your
dear delightful letter  i became convinced that he had a wish to
penetrate there  without the courage to tell me so 

i must confess to you  that our stolen embraces at home had become too
unsatisfactory  and the count had arranged for a private house to be at
our disposal  of an afternoon i drove out shopping  called at swan and
edgar s in regent street  leaving the carriage at the door  walked
upstairs  made some trifling purchase  paid for and left it until i
should call in an hour  then descending by another staircase  left by
the piccadilly entrance  and taking a cab  joined my expectant lover 
where he was waiting for me  there stripping perfectly naked  we enjoyed
each other most lasciviously  and practised every act of lubricity  when
satiated with our efforts  a second cab conducted me to st  james s
passage  in jermyn street  from whence i gained on foot swan and edgar s
in piccadilly  received my parcel  and rejoined my carriage  thus no
suspicions were excited  either in the household or otherwise 

we have met thrice since your dear delicious letter fired my
imagination  and i have seized the occasion to taste the sweets of the
neighbouring altar to venus s legitimate one  after the count had fucked
me twice i turned my back as if wishing it in a way we often enjoyed it 
but took care to place my bottom in such a position that the smaller
orifice was nearest to his standing prick  whether he saw my drift i
know not  but finding with his finger how conveniently it lay  he
plunged boldly forward  and half sheathed himself at the first push  i
started with the sudden pain  and should have disengaged myself at once 
notwithstanding that i purposely placed myself to receive his prick in
my bottom hole  but with his arms round my waist i was perfectly
powerless  and another thrust sent him up to the hilt  but really
hurting me most sensitively  i begged him to desist and withdraw  but he
said 

 i will remain quite quiet for a time  and you will see that your pain
will diminish  and then you will like it  

i could not help myself  and sure enough he was right  shortly i felt no
pain  slipping one hand down  he began to frig my clitoris  and in a
little time  finding by the involuntary movements of my loins that my
passions were excited  he began to move very slightly and slowly  i soon
found a strange excitement seize me  which increased to such a degree
that i almost fainted  when my nature gave down its divinest essence  we
have since repeated the new experience  but i quite agree with you in
thinking that we must be well fucked first 

the count is a master of his weapon  which  neither quite so long as you
describe your husband s nor nearly so thick at the point  is very much
so at the root  and as stiff and hard as iron  i assure you  the wild
excess of passion he drives me into is indescribable  you shall
experience the delight of his fucking  for  with you and me  there must
be no difficulty  diversion  nor jealousy  nay  i shall try to seduce
your husband  with a view to cover our delinquencies  i would offer you
mine  but  truly  he is not worth having to a woman who can find better 
as my dear lizzie so charmingly does  we have managed matters so
prudently that my husband has taken a great fancy to the count  and he
dines frequently at our house 

we have often talked of you  i told him of your marriage  and of a
probability of your eventually settling in london  i marked the sparkle
of his eyes at the news  but was silent as to your letter and
adventures  it is better we should manage the affair between us when you
are here 

so you see  after all  i have not come off so badly  although  i must
say  tamely in comparison with the delicious adventures of my dear and
charming lizzie  i think  when we meet  we shall be able to get up
parties of the most delightful kind  i even hope we may induce the count
to join you and charlie in a  partie carr e   what fun and pleasure we
should have  and then the delight of exchanging lovers at each bout  oh 
the very idea has set me on fire  fortunately  i am expecting my lover
at every moment  i will close my letter with this lascivious picture 
and in hopes of some day realizing it with my loved lizzie  whose most
affectionate and attached friend 

i shall ever remain 

carry egerton 


such were these two charming letters  and i may immediately mention now
that the lascivious picture dear carry drew of a  partie carr e  we four
the actors was afterwards realised to the utmost extent of every
salacious enjoyment that the most experienced lubricity could suggest 

the count and i often sandwiched them between us  which they declared to
be the  ne plus ultra  of pleasure  while the upper operator gamahuched
the unoccupied quim  nay  these giddy delicious creatures were not
satisfied until they had induced us to alternate the joys of coition
with each other  but that was rarely the case  these enchanting women
were so exquisitely seductive that  while we had them at our disposal 
we sought no other source of delight  but i am digressing  and talking
of events that occurred long after the period which i am more
particularly describing 

the three weeks  absence of mr  benson terminated  alas  far too soon 
in fact  time flew so quick that it hardly appeared three days when a
letter arrived announcing his return for the next day  my heart was
ready to burst  but i managed to make no show or mention when mrs  b 
told the news at breakfast  mrs  b  observed that i turned pale  but no
one else remarked anything  we contrived to meet for a short time in the
middle of the day  and she embraced me tenderly  with tears in her eyes 
and looking so loving that my passions became overexcited  and hers too 
notwithstanding the imprudence of the risk  we there and then had a most
delightful and salacious fuck  and at night this charming woman allowed
me full liberty to do anything i liked  and as often as nature would
support us we revelled in a sea of lubricity  how often i cannot say 
although my loved mistress declared that i had spent ten times  i am
certain she did oftener than that  for neither closed an eye  nor ceased
from the most loving embraces  she exerted all the wonderful powers of
seduction for which she was so distinguished  never mortal man could
have passed a more intoxicating night of pleasure  we heard movements in
the house before we parted with mutual tears coursing down our cheeks 

it was with difficulty i tore myself from her  indeed  i could not have
done so if she had not herself risen  and tenderly embracing me  told me
to have courage and hope  for  somehow or other  we should manage an
occasional interview  particularly cautioning me to be perfectly on my
guard when her husband came  she said it would be better if i kept out
of the way until after the first interview was over  as it might be too
much for me to see him embrace her  i did as she desired  no one noticed
me in the confusion of his arrival 

mamma had insisted upon my returning to my bed in her room  as she was
sure mr  benson would require the dressing room  mrs  b   from policy 
objected  saying that there was no occasion  that i had been so quiet
she had never once been conscious of my being there   c   but mamma had
her own way  and i really believe very much to the satisfaction of mrs 
b  herself  for i doubt  if mr  b  had been aware of my close proximity 
whether he would altogether have liked it  nevertheless  he so
completely treated me as little more than a child that i am quite sure
he had no suspicion of my having occupied his place so continuously
during his absence 

mr  and mrs  b  retired shortly after his arrival  doubtless to plunge
into all the joys of venery after his long absence  and his wife s
supposed privation of them  the idea of that being the case did not so
much annoy me as i expected  on the contrary  imagination portrayed them
in all the agonies of delight  and actually excited me extremely  all at
once  the idea struck me that i might be purposely hid in the closet 
behold all their delicious encounters  and when he had left his wife to
put herself to rights  and the key was turned upon him  i might then in
my turn  fly into my enchanting mistress s arms  and revel in all the
joys her well moistened and juicy cunt could give  i determined to
propose this to dear mrs  benson the first moment i could get her apart
from all observation 

i was a little  distrait  in the schoolroom that day  but an appeal from
miss evelyn recalled me to my senses  she asked me what i could be
thinking of  i held down my head and blushed  already an adept in
dissimulation  i faltered out that it was of herself and of her
endearing caresses the day before  which had made me feel so queer all
over  in fact  the previous day she had hugged me rather close to her 
and kissed me more lovingly than usual  which really had  at the time 
inflamed my desires  and given me great hope of matters coming to a more
satisfactory termination with her  she patted my check  and kissed me
again  saying i was a naughty boy to have any such thoughts  and i must
not indulge in them  or she would not love me any more  but there was a
sparkle in her eye  and a flush on her cheek  which showed me she was
anything but displeased 

at our usual break up at four o clock  i went to the parlour to see if 
by chance  i could get a secret word with mrs  b   but found that she
and her husband had again retired  i knew what that meant  it set me too
on fire  and i flew to the garden where my sisters had gone to play  i
gave mary a hint  which she readily understood  and proposed a game of
hide and seek  to prevent eliza interrupting us  i took up a stone 
which i furtively dropped again  and proposed that eliza should guess
first  in which hand i had got it  and if she guessed wrong she was to
be the seeker  of course  she guessed wrong  so we bound up her eyes 
and she was to stand behind a tree and count one hundred before she
attempted to look for or seek us  we made a detour  and as fast as we
could run reached the summer house  which  as all the ladies were in the
house occupied  i knew to be untenanted  we entered and locked the door 
in an instant i had mary down on her back on the sofa  my head between
her thighs  and my tongue in her cunt  and then on her clitoris  she was
as eager for it as myself  a week had passed since the happy day of
giving up her maidenhead to me  she had thoroughly got over all the
pains and inconveniences of that day  and was as ready for a renewal of
what could only be joys now as i was  she spent in my mouth almost as
soon as i began to gamahuche her clitoris  waiting an instant to lick up
and swallow the soft and delicious young discharge  i rose  pulled out
my bursting prick  and engulphed it in her well moistened sheath with
one rapturous shove up to the hilt  positively taking away her breath by
the energy of the attack  i was almost as rapid in coming to a
conclusion as she had been  nevertheless  she died away a second time 
the moment she felt the warm gush of my raging discharge  we lay some
minutes rapt in the lascivious lap of lubricity  but in our young and
unbroken energies  nature soon reasserted her power  i must give my
sister the palm  it was the internal pressures of the inner folds of her
deliciously tight cunt that first awakened my vigour  somewhat more
slowly we began another love encounter  which speedily became much more
rapid and energetic  ending as usual in an extasy of delight  and
closing with actual cries of intense pleasure 

it was well we had completed our second course  for we heard the
footsteps of eliza  who  after in vain searching for us near to where we
had left her  had at last sought us in the summer house  i had just time
to arrange my trousers and unlock the door when she arrived and burst in
upon us  she said it was unfair to go so far away  but we only laughed 
and proposed that mary should now seek us  we were standing outside
below the mound  tying on the handkerchief  when miss evelyn was seen
approaching  she came up and noticed the flush still on mary s cheeks 
but we at once told her that we had been playing at hide and seek  and
had had a good run  and that it was now mary s turn to be the seeker 
however  miss evelyn said she thought we had had enough exercise for the
time  and that it would be better to walk gently about to get cool  as
it only wanted a few minutes of the hour for renewing our lessons  so we
all demurely returned to the house  a reflection struck me that it would
be necessary to initiate my sister eliza in our secrets  and although
she might be too young for the complete insertion of my increasingly
large cock  i might gamahuche her while fucking mary  and give her
intense pleasure  in this way we could retire without difficulty to
spots where we should be quite in safety  and even when such was not the
case  we could employ eliza as a watch  to give us early notice of
anyone approaching  it will be seen that this idea was afterwards most
successfully carried out to the immense increase of my pleasure 

it was a lovely summer evening  after dinner mr  b   who  doubtless  had
no longer any amorous longing  after having twice retired during the
day  challenged miss evelyn to a game at chess  of which she was a great
proficient  mamma  mrs  b   and the two girls stepped out into the
flower garden  to enjoy the beauty of the evening  fortunately mamma
fancied she felt chilly  and shortly went back again  taking the two
girls with her  and setting mary down to the piano  i seized the happy
moment  and drew mrs  b  to a seat  far removed beyond the hearing of
any listeners  but in sight of the windows  there i unfolded to her the
plan i had proposed to myself  she smiled at my precocious ingenuity 
but added it would not be safe to leave the closet door open  even
partially  as by chance mr  b  might open it  and that would never do 
but she might lock me in or rather i might do so from the inside 

 ahh  but then i want to see it all it is so exciting to see mr  b 
working into that divine body of yours  

she laughed heartily at my remark  and said i was a lewd lascivious
young rascal adding 

 but are you not jealous to see another in possession of me  

i admitted that that was my first impression  but on thinking over it  i
had become convinced i should like her and enjoy her all the more
lasciviously if i were a witness to their love contests  but i must be
able to see them 

 well  can you not bore a couple of holes an inch and a half apart 
below the middle panel and cut a narrow slit from hole to hole  i will
take care to place myself in a proper position  and do my best to
gratify your premature lubricity  my darling boy  you progress
wonderfully  and make me proud of my pupil  

seeing she took it thus kindly  i said 

 do tell me  my beloved mistress  how often he has fucked you today  

 will it please you really  my dear charlie  to know that  

 oh  yes  so much  

 well  then  six times in the morning  and four before dinner  he was
bursting with desire  and could not hold  he spent twice before giving
me time to come once  but then you know  my dear charlie  how actively
you had been employing your time all the previous night  you sad rogue
that you are  

 did you enjoy it much  my dear mrs  b   

 why  if i must tell you  you little curiosity box  i did  you know how
powerfully my husband is hung  and loving him as i do  it is impossible
to undergo his powerful and lascivious embraces without feeling all
one s libidinous passions stirred up within me  but even while in his
possession  my dear boy  i thought of your young charms  and the fierce
delights we had enjoyed together last night  my husband little imagined
it was of you  not him  that i was thinking and stimulating myself to
wild upheavings of voluptuous movements  while he was revelling in all
the lubricity of his own passions  and fucking me to my heart s
content  

 oh  how delicious  my angelic mistress   i cried   the pleasure of your
vivid description almost makes me faint with desire oh  that i could
possess you at once  

 you must not think of that  my dear darling boy  we must manage it
tomorrow  i shall go into the house at once  and occupy your mother s
attention  do you get a gimlet and chisel  slip up at once to my
bedroom  and prepare a peephole for tomorrow  be careful to put it low
down  below the projection of the middle panel of the door in which the
lock is placed  and take care to remove the pieces of wood you take out 
i shall put the key inside of the door  your sisters always take two
hours at the piano after your midday meal  our luncheon is served at the
same time  mr  b  is sure to require my attendance in my room after
that  but i shall detain him by some excuse till i observe that you have
disappeared  and after giving you sufficient time  we shall follow  and
you shall have the extraordinary satisfaction you require  but above all
remember not a movement to betray yourself until my husband leaves and i
have locked the door behind him   so saying  she pressed her lovely hand
on my stiffly excited member  rose and joined mamma  i lost no time in
following her advice  and happily executed all i wanted  and returned
unconcernedly to the drawing room  without my absence having occasioned
any remark  next day i got safely to my hiding room  and had comfortably
stowed myself away in such a position that the opening i had made was on
a level with my eyes  before they arrived  she  dear creature 
anticipating my vista  had merely slipped on a dress  without a corset 
and told her husband that he was so insatiate that she was obliged to be
ready at a moment s notice to satisfy his inordinate passion  so she had
only to take off her gown to be at her ease   most admirable  my darling
wife  but drop off everything  and let me contemplate  at my ease  all
the beauties of your exquisite body  

no sooner said than done  and my lovely mistress stood in all the glory
of her magnificent and beautiful naked form  he kissed and fondled her
from head to foot  laid her on the bed and gamahuched her till she
squealed again with pleasure  then pulling out his magnificent prick  he
plunged it into her delicious cunt at a single bound  evidently giving
her the most exquisite delight  as was evidenced by the instantaneous
clasping of him with her arms and legs  and the rapid wriggling of her
backside  they soon ran a first course  but mr  b  remained engulphed in
the closely fitting sheath of his salacious wife  she evidently exerted
herself more than usual  both for her own pleasure as well as to give
satisfaction to me  for once when she turned her head in my direction i
caught her eyes  and she smiled  giving a still more vigorous heave than
usual  and showing me all her cunt at full stretch with the noble prick
in it  i was ready to burst  at last their bout was over for the
present  mr  b  withdrew his prick  all slimy from its sheath  pendant 
but still full of size 

most extraordinary  i would have given a good deal to have dared to rush
out  put it in my mouth and suck it dry  i can hardly describe how
strongly this desire took possession of me  it was the first promptings
of a passion i have since often indulged in  where i have met with
companions with whom i could join in orgies of both sexes  mrs  b 
professed to be dead beaten by the constant and frequent renewals of
these interviews in addition to night work and lay perfectly still 
while he performed his ablutions and readjusted  his habiliments 

 fasten the door after me   said he  as he ardently pressed her form in
his arms and kissed her  she had continued stretched on the bed  exactly
facing me  with legs widely extended  so as to show me the whole of her
lovely cunt  which i could see still panted under its late excitement 
my charming mistress told me it was palpitating not for what had passed 
but for what it was waiting for  she rose at last and closed the door 
turning the key upon her husband  she then approached the bidet to
purify herself  but i bounded from the closet  seized her in my arms 
dashed her back on the bed and immediately glued my lips to her glowing
and foaming cunt  with all the froth and spending of her husband oozing
out  i greedily devoured it  and raised her to such a frenzy of lewdness
that she dragged me up and cried  frantically 

 for god s sake fuck me fuck me  

of course my cock was bursting to do so  with one shove he was sheathed
to the cods  my loved mistress spent with that alone  so highly was she
excited  not only by the preparations  but as she herself acknowledged
to me  by the idea of the instantaneous infidelity to her husband  at
the moment after he had just fucked her such is the wild imagination of
women when they give way to every libidinous thought  it would have been
exactly the same if some equally fortunate lover had been awaiting my
retiring from the field  the idea of success in deception is a passion
with them  and they would almost sacrifice anything to obtain it  before
i could arrive at the grand crisis  she was again ready  and we died
away in an agony of blissful lubricity she held me  as usual  so tight
that i never thought of withdrawing from the folds of her delicious
cunt  but lay still enjoying the never ceasing compressions of its
velvety folds  which sometimes really had almost the force of a vice  i
was rapidly ready for a second bout  which  like the first  ended in
extatic joys  beyond the power of description  my charming mistress
thought i ought now to desist  but pleading my forty hours  fast  for 
of course  she knew nothing of my fucking mary   i begged her to allow
me to run one more course 

 then  my darling charlie  you must let me turn on my side  for i am so
heated with your weight and my husband s that i must have some relief 
but there is no occasion for you to withdraw  leave me to manage it  

with an art quite her own  she accomplished her object  her splendid
buttocks  pressing before my eyes against my belly fired me immediately 
my cock swelled and stood firm as ever  then passing an arm round her
body  i used my fingers on her excited and stiffly projecting clitoris 
we had a much longer and more voluptuous fuck than before  nothing could
exceed the delicious movements of my divine mistress  she twisted her
body so  that i could suck one of her bubbies  while i fucked and
frigged her  she spent with such a scream of delight that i am sure she
must have been heard in the house  had it not been for the inner baize
door to the room  she continued throbbing so deliciously on my prick
that i began to flatter myself i should obtain a fourth favour  but she
suddenly bolted out of my arms and out of bed  turning round  and taking
my whole prick into her mouth  and giving it a voluptuous suck  she
said 

 no  my loved boy  we must be prudent if we mean to have a repetition of
these most exquisite interviews  you have given me most extatic
pleasure  and by moderation  and running no risk in too long indulgence
of our passions  we may safely manage to enjoy similar interviews every
day  get into the dressing room  remain there until i leave my room and
pass your door  after i have seen that no one is near  i will cough
twice  wait a minute longer  then quietly leave and descend by the back
stairs  

all was happily effected  and for the week longer they remained with us 
i found means to repeat the charming lesson every day  without raising
suspicion in anyone s mind 

at last this admirable woman departed  it was with difficulty i could
bear the scene  but i gulphed down my feelings as best i could  she had
become a universal favourite  and all regretted her leaving  so that my
distress was not noticed in the general regret  it was more than two
years before fortune favoured me in again meeting with this charming
woman  and then we saw very much of each other  both alone and with
other congenial spirits  of which  perhaps  i may hereafter write a
detail  but at present i have got events to relate that followed fast on
her departure 

i have said that miss evelyn had been gradually growing more familiar in
her manner of partially caressing me  she drew me closer to her  almost
invariably placing her arm round my waist  frequently kissing and
pressing me against her firm and well formed bosom  this had frequently
an evident effect on my lower person  even while i was kept less
excitable by the constant relief my passions were obtaining in the arms
of my adored mrs  b  now i no longer had that vent  for the little
relief i could get at rare intervals from my sister mary was as nothing 
after the constant exercise i had been provided with for a whole month 
ever since i had practised that little deception on miss evelyn by
attributing to her embraces the evident distraction i was in on the day
of mr  benson s return  she had increased her pressures of my person 
and could not but feel my stiff prick throbbing against her thigh  while
she closely pressed my body against it with her arm  i often noted the
increased sparkle of her eyes and changes of colour on her face when she
kissed me  and i put up my hand and caressed her cheek  at times she
would push me suddenly away  and beg me to resume my seat  frequently
she would quit the room in an agitated manner  till this led me to
suppose that an internal conflict was going on  and that passion urged
one course  reason another  remembering the sage advice given to me by
my loved and beautiful mistress  mrs  b   i resolved to play the part of
an innocent ignoramus  and let her own passions develop and produce the
result i so longed for  i doubt if i could have held out but for the
relief i found in dear mary s embraces  who  each time we could manage
to meet  became more and more attractive  and more capable of giving and
receiving pleasure  we had some difficulty in keeping eliza blind to our
doings  at last mary agreed to initiate her into gamahuching  and to
tell her i did so to her when we shut ourselves up together  and that if
she would keep the secret  i would do the same to her  but that it was
necessary that one should keep watch while the other amused herself with
me  for fear miss evelyn should chance to come  mary proceeded to
gamahuche her  which delighted eliza beyond measure  indeed  although a
year and a half younger  she speedily showed a developement of passion
superior to mary  at first i only gamahuched her  letting her play with
my prick as i did so  but not attempting to instruct her in the art of
insertion into her charming little quim  which already showed symptoms
of a hairy growth on her well formed and very prominent mount  when i
had done enough in this way  mary  who had previously been fucked by me 
returned  and eliza took up the watch  while i appeased in mary s
deliciously tight cunt the thirst that gamahuching eliza had raised 

it was thus i could more coolly await the gradual approximation that
miss evelyn s evident passion for me was bringing about  that she
struggled against it was evident  but passion was gaining the advantage 
as was shown by her nervous tremblings and sudden clutches  drawing me
up to her parched lips  and sometimes pushing me away with a shudder
that shook her frame and paled her lovely cheeks  i fancied that nature
had been too much for her on these occasions  and that in reality the
sudden clutching was the approach of love s crisis  and that when she
shuddered  and suddenly repulsed me  she was discharging  it was evident
this could not continue  at last the happy day for which i so longed
arrived  mamma was going to go to the town  and taking my two sisters
with her  to get something or other for them  she invited miss evelyn to
accompany her  but the latter declined  on the excuse of an alleged
headache  in truth  the violent nature of the conflict going on between
her passions and her prudence had visibly affected her health  she had
become pale and anxious looking  and my mother was somewhat uneasy about
her  she told her not to occupy herself too much with my lessons that
day  and only give me work for an hour in the morning and an hour in the
afternoon  and begged her to take a quiet stroll in the garden  and rest
as much as possible 

on leaving us  she cautioned me to be as gentle and obedient as
possible  as miss evelyn was poorly and out of spirits  mamma and the
girls departed  miss evelyn  almost as pale as death  and quite visibly
trembling  falteringly begged me to go to our schoolroom and study the
lesson she had given me the previous evening  saying she would join me
shortly  i went  but no lesson could i do that day  the evident
agitation and apparent illness of miss evelyn distressed if not alarmed
me  i was still too inexperienced in her mind  it was a phase of woman s
nature which i had as yet no knowledge of  i had merely a vague kind of
idea that it all tended to the ultimate gratification of my libidinous
hopes  and i only held off to a certain extent in obedience to the
counsel my loved mrs  benson had so wisely impressed upon me  and was
waiting in lively hopes of the result i so ardently wished for 

at last miss evelyn joined me  her eyes were swollen and red as if she
had been weeping  my own filled with tears when i saw her  and i
approached  hesitatingly  and said 

 oh  my dear governess  i am so grieved to see you look so poorly  oh 
do nothing today  and i promise to work twice as hard tomorrow  

at the moment i really felt quite distressed at the sad expression of
her features  for an instant she smiled languidly  then  by some
compulsion of feeling  she seized me in both arms and drawing me to her
bosom  covered me with kisses  her eyes became almost perfectly
brilliant 

 oh  you dear  dear  darling boy  i love you beyond expression  kiss 
oh  kiss me  my darling  and comfort me  because i love you all too
well  

then  again  there was a change  she seemed to fear she had said too
much  and turned away her head and tears started to her eyes  but her
arms did not relax the embrace in which she held me  i was deeply moved
at her evident agitation  i thought she was really ill  and suffering
greatly  so i threw my arms round her neck  kissing her tenderly  and
weeping myself  tried to comfort her in my inexperienced way  sobbing
out 

 oh  dear  dear miss evelyn  do be comforted  i so dearly love you that
it makes my heart bleed to see you so unhappy  oh  let me see you smile 
and do try not to cry so  why are you so unhappy and low spirited  oh 
that i could do anything to make you happy   and redoubling my
endearments  she again turned her lovely face to me  again there was the
unnatural fire in her eyes  and a hectic glow flushed her cheek 

 you darling angel of a boy  it is you that makes me so unhappy  

i started back in surprise 

 i make  you  unhappy  oh  miss evelyn  how can that be  when i adore
the very ground you stand on  and love   sobbing   love   sob   love you
more than anything in the world  

she seized my head in her two hands  glued her lips to mine  gave me a
long  long kiss of love  then  pressing me to her bosom 

 oh  say that again  my loved  my darling boy  it is the love i feel for
you that is breaking my heart  but i can resist it no longer  will my
charlie love his evelyn always as he does now  

 oh  how could i do otherwise  i have worshipped you from the first
moment of your arrival  and have had no other idea  what can i do to
prove it try  oh  try me  i have never breathed a syllable of my love
for you  even to yourself  let alone other people  

her eyes  sparkling with passion  were searching the depths of mine  as
if to fathom my thoughts  i  too  began to feel my amorous passions
excited by her warm embraces and kisses  she held me tight to her body 
and could not help feeling the hard substance that jutted out against
her 

 i believe you  my charlie  and will trust you with my life with more 
with my honour  i can no longer resist my fate  but  oh  charlie  love
me always  for i run a fearful risk in loving you as i do  

she again drew me to her lips  my hands clasped her neck in a close
embrace  her hands wandered pressed upon my throbbing prick  with
trembling and hasty fingers she unbuttoned  or rather tore open  my
trousers  and her soft fingers clasped my naked instrument 

 oh  i shall die  dear miss evelyn  what must i do to make you happy  

my apparent ignorance could not but please her  she sank back on the
long low chair on which she was seated  apparently accidentally drawing
up her petticoats with her hand in falling back  i threw myself on my
knees  and pushing her petticoats further up disclosed the rich  dark 
curly beauty of her mount  she covered her burning face with her hand 
while  pressing my head forward  i began pressing her beauteous cunt 
sucking it without daring to lick her clitoris  she tried to push me
away  no  no  i must not  

but i suppose my proceedings fired her passions still more  for she was
quite moist and juicy  and i have no doubt had already had one discharge
while embracing me so warmly  she suddenly said 

 come then  my loved boy  and i will be all in all to you  

drawing me up nothing loath i was soon extended on her belly  with my
stiff standing cock pressing against her cunt  i had still the prudence
not to show any knowledge of the act  i sighed deeply 

 oh  my loved miss evelyn  do help me  i know not what to do  

her hand glided down between us  she guided my glowing instrument
between the longing lips of her delicious cunt  i pushed  and buried the
head and two inches of its body at the first thrust  the second brought
it against an unexpected obstacle  for it never had struck me that miss
evelyn was a virgin  i pushed hard at it 

 oh  charlie  love  be gentle  you are hurting me very much  

knowing that the best way would be to excite her by short shoves 
without at first trying to go further  i did so  and she began to feel
all the raging desires that so formidable a prick as mine must excite 
when moving between the soft velvety folds of her tight and juicy quim 
i held myself in  and continued my proceedings until the convulsive
movements of her loins  and the increased pressure of the folds of her
cunt  showed me that the crisis was approaching  and she was about to
spend  she hugged me close in her arms  and at the moment of spending
involuntarily heaved up her bottom  this was the very moment i was with
difficulty waiting for  i retired a little and plunged forward with
irresistible force  i burst my way through every barrier  up to the very
roots of my prick  the attack was as painful as unexpected  miss evelyn
gave a shriek of agony and swooned away  i at once improved the
opportunity  and thrusting in and out with the utmost vigour  broke down
every obstacle  and enlarged the opening by side movements as much as
possible  while she was insensible to the pain  i then died away myself
in an agony of delight  i lay soaking within the delicious sheath until
her convulsive shudders and short sobs showed that my now fully
deflowered mistress was recovering her senses  the thought of the
unexpected victory i had won had already begun to make my cock stand
again  although it was still comparatively soft  i could feel an
involuntary pressure on it  as she came to a full consciousness of our
position  she threw her arms round my neck  gave me a most impassioned
kiss  and then sobbed and cried as if her heart would break 

it is a curious idiosyncracy of my nature to be most libidinously
excited by a woman s tears  and although i really suffered to see her in
such grief  it stiffened my prick to its utmost dimensions  i tried to
comfort her with words  but she sobbed  sobbed on  i suddenly thought
that a renewal of action might bring about a revulsion of feeling  and
began vigorous movements  she sighed deeply  but i could tell by the
nervous twitchings of her loins that her passions were being excited 
they soon decided the contest  she threw her arms round my waist  and
pressed me to her  devouring my mouth with her kisses  nature prompted
her movements  and in a very few minutes we both poured down a plenteous
offering on venus s altar  she shook and trembled as she felt the warm
gush within her  and squeezed me with all her might to her bosom  we lay
in a trance for some ten minutes  my charming governess fainting with
love  and giving my delighted prick the most luscious pressure  which
speedily fired him to new efforts  miss evelyn herself was most
amorously excited  and we again dashed on love s delicious path to end 
as usual  in the death like swoon of satiated passion  when we came to
our senses  my loved mistress  embracing me tenderly  and throwing her
eyes up to heaven  said 

 oh  my dear darling boy  you made me suffer horribly at first  but i
have been in heaven since  oh  how i love and adore you  but we must
rise  my charlie  we may be discovered  we have  in fact  run great
risk  as the door has not been fastened  

i rose  and withdrew my prick from her reeking quim  which seemed by its
close pressure to let me go with regret  i found it was all bloody 

 stop  charles  let me wipe it with my handkerchief  lest it stain your
shirt  

she did so  and folding it up and placing it in her bosom  said 

 i shall keep this precious relic as a memorial of the sacrifice i have
made to you  my loved boy  ah  charlie  you cannot yet understand the
value of that sacrifice and the risk of ruin i have run for your sake  i
love you as i never loved anyone before  or can ever love again  my
honour and happiness are now in your hands  and it is on your discretion
they rest  be careful never to exhibit any liberty of conduct towards me
or to mention to anyone what has occurred  

it may readily be imagined i gave her every assurance on that head  and
told her i loved her too dearly  and was too grateful for the extatic
happiness she had taught me how to enjoy  for any chance of betrayal to
take place through my indiscretion  she embraced me tenderly  told me to
go straight to the garden  that she must seek some repose after all that
had happened  and we should meet again at midday meal 

i did as desired  full of sweet thoughts at the exquisite delights she
had afforded me  and already longing for the afternoon school hour to
renew the enrapturing union of our souls and bodies  miss evelyn did not
come down to her luncheon  but had something sent up to her room 
however  she joined me in the schoolroom at two o clock  as usual  she
was very pale  but embraced me tenderly  and was very endearing  of
course  i immediately became excited  and very enterprising  but she
gently repulsed me  and requested that i would leave her quiet that day 
as she felt not only exhausted  but in pain  and would be all the better
for perfect repose  i begged hard to be allowed some slight favours  if
not all  but she was inexorable  finding that i could neither do any
lessons nor be quiet  she said 

 then we must go into the garden  i think the fresh air and a gentle
walk will do me good  

it instantly occurred to me that if i could draw her away to the summer
house  i should have a better chance of succeeding in again enjoying her
delicious embraces  accordingly  when she went up to her room to put on
her bonnet and shawl  i possessed myself of the key  to be prepared for
my chance of success 

we walked about the flower garden for a time  miss evelyn taking my arm 
and most lovingly conversing with me  she walked somewhat stiffly  we
sat down for a rest  shortly she felt the heat of the sun too great  so
i proposed a walk in the shaded shrubbery  i kept prattling on  so as
not to let her see how far i was leading her away  she appeared
surprised that we had got so far  when we came in sight of the summer
house 

 oh  charlie  my dear  i am afraid it will fatigue me too much to walk
all the way back without rest and we have not the key  

 sometimes it is left in the door  i will run and see   off i bounded 
slipped the key in the lock  and ran back to say it was there  she
followed me in  and sank on the long backless sofa  which had already
served me so often  i begged her to extend herself at length  i placed
pillows for her head  and drew a chair for myself near her  she did not
appear to have any suspicion of any act on my part  but lay down on her
side  she took my hand in hers  and we began a conversation  very
interesting  in as much as it was how we should regulate our conduct  so
as not to raise any suspicion of our amorous connection  and also of how
we should manage to meet from time to time 

 you  dear boy   she said   i cannot now live without the comfort of
your embraces  but you must remember  in my dependent position 
discovery would be my ruin  i rely on your silence and discretion  and
if i am as dear to you as you  my adored charlie  are to me  i may
safely trust to you   i threw my arms round her neck  and told her i
loved her all too dearly  and longed too much to return to her endearing
and delicious embraces  for her to have any fear of my committing either
her or myself  she fondly embraced and kissed me  i became fired with
passion  my hand wandered  her position only enabled her to make a
feeble resistance  i reached her beauteously covered mount  she murmured
supplications to be left alone  and held her thighs close together 

she was not aware of my knowledge of the parts  so inserting my finger
into the upper part of the lips  i reached her clitoris  and began
rubbing in and out  purposely  in an awkward way  but taking care to hit
the right point 

 charlie  my charlie  you must not do that i i cannot bear it  

at the same time she threw her arm round my neck and drew me to her
lips  which glued themselves to mine  i felt her thighs yield and open 
i immediately improved the occasion  and began frigging her with my
middle finger up her quim  her passions became inflamed 

 come then  my darling boy  to my arms  i cannot resist you longer  

in an instant i was unbuttoned and had my trousers down  and was between
her legs almost before she had concluded her sentence  the excitement of
my caresses had moistened her juicy cunt  and the head of my prick
entered without any difficulty  in my ardour i was about to rush on with
a vigorous shove  when she implored me to be more gentle  as she still
smarted from our morning encounter  moderating my movements  and gently
insinuating my stiff instrument  i gradually made my way up to its
utmost limits  and hardly occasioned even a grimace of pain  here i
stopped  leaving it sheathed up to the root  and making it throb from
instant to instant  then seeking my loved miss evelyn s mouth  our lips
and tongues met  her arms round my waist became tighter in their
embrace  the delicious folds of her luscious juicy quim began to throb
and press on my excited member  allowing her to become thoroughly
excited  i waited until she actually quite unexpectedly yielded down her
nature  and spent profusely  to the exquisite pleasure of my saturated
organ  i still held all off  to give her time after the delight of that
spend  which was probably the first of unalloyed extatic pleasure she
enjoyed  for as i was an inactive participator  there was nothing to
cause any action on the still raw edges of her broken maidenhead  her
internal pressures were most exquisite  our embraces with tongues and
lips were like the billing and cooing of doves  and very rapidly brought
her again to a raging point of desire  i then began with slow and gentle
movements  drawing my prick slowly nearly all the way out  and then as
slowly driving it up to the hilt  her previous very copious discharge
had so oiled the delicious folds of her cunt  that no pain was felt 
only the intense pleasure  at last it became overpowering  her arms were
thrown round my waist  and her legs were involuntary cast over my hips 
nature prompted her to the most delicious movements of her bottom  she
met my forward thrusts  and responded to them in the most libidinous
manner 

 go on  go on  dear charlie faster  faster  

i wanted no spur  fast and furious grew our movements  until at last 
with a mutual cry of delight  we sank in each other s arms in the
blissful extasy of the most complete enjoyment  it was several minutes
before we regained our senses  and both our organs of generation were
pulsating  the one within the other  in all the luxury of satiated
passion  with her beauteous legs still thrown over mine  she moved her
arms to my neck  kissed me voluptuously  and mingled the sweetest
accents of gratification with the most endearing caresses and
flatteries  i lay  as it were  in the paphian bower of bliss  in a state
of exquisite sensations quite impossible to describe  it seemed even a
greater pleasure than the more active state of delight we had been to  i
could have lain so for hours  but for that excitable prick of mine 
whose sensibilities were far too rapidly set in motion by the luscious
pressures of that most delightful cunt in which it lay engulphed  it had
gradually resumed its pristine firmness  and was now at full stand 
throbbing impatiently for further combats  i began to move  miss evelyn
said 

 oh  my charlie  you must cease  my dear boy  we must not only be
prudent  but consider your youth and health  do  oh  do  my dear boy 
oh  pray cease  

her words were cut short by the increasing passion that the vigorous
movements of my prick occasioned to her whole system  she could resist
no longer  but with arms and legs closely embracing me  and devouring me
with kisses  she threw herself into the fight  and with body and soul so
seconded me that we died away in screams of delight  and sank quite
insensible in each other s arms 

it was many minutes before we recovered speech  i still lay entirely
embedded in her most exquisite cunt  and would have liked to have
continued in her delicious embrace  but miss evelyn so imploringly
beseeched me to cease for this time  and pointed out how necessary
prudency was  if we ever wished to meet again  that i felt compelled to
raise myself from her body  but  in doing so  i slid off downwards  and
before she could prevent me  i glued my lips to the open pouters below
me  and greedily devoured all her delicious discharge  and did not
desist until i had so licked her clitoris as to make her spend most
copiously again  at first she had tried to resist  saying 

 charlie  what on earth are you at  you must not  my dear boy  it is
dreadful  

but  as i roused her passions  her hand  instead of trying to draw away
my head  held it firm and pushed it well against her throbbing and
delicious quim  her thighs closed against the sides of my head  and she
almost swooned away with the extasy of her discharge  i greedily
swallowed it and rising completely  took her in my arms  and placing her
on her bottom  sweetly kissed her 

 oh  what a charming creature you are  my beloved miss evelyn  i adore
you from the sole of your feet to the crown of your head  

 but you  my beloved charlie  have more than justified my imprudence 
you have given me a joy which i could never have dreamt of  i am yours 
body and soul  do with me as you like  i  too  adore the very ground you
tread on  

we continued exchanging the sweetest vows of affection  until  seeing my
prick rising to its usual stiffness  she said 

 oh  my darling  you must put this away  it would be most imprudent to
continue any longer  now  let me button it up  

first stooping and kissing it  she put it into my trousers with some
difficulty  buttoned me up  and we strolled towards the house 

our conversation turned on our chance of fresh encounters  she begged i
would not think of attempting anything of the kind next day  and she
would try and arrange for the day after  although my sisters were
terribly in the way 

i suggested she should keep me in as when she flogged me  nay  indeed 
she should flog me in reality if she liked 

she laughed at my idea  but said something might be done in that way as
a blind  so i said 

 i will neglect my lesson on purpose to furnish an excuse  

 we shall see we shall see  meanwhile  remember to be very prudent  

we reached the house  she retired to her room until mamma returned  very
kind inquiries were made  she said she had suffered severely from
headache  but  on the whole  felt better and hoped that a good night s
rest would put her all to rights  we all retired early  both mamma and
the girls were tired with their drive and shopping  i had resumed my bed
in the little dressing room  and went to sleep with thoughts of my
delicious day s doings  to dream of re enacting them with every amorous
excess that the utmost lubricity could suggest 

the next day miss evelyn began to resume her former looks the struggle
was at an end  she was very gentle in her manner  and seemed even more
affectionate than usual to my sisters  who  fancying she was not very
well  were attentive  rather trying to anticipate her wishes than
following them 

there was rather a greater appearance of reserve than previously in her
manner to me  but when i went up to her to repeat my lessons  there was
a warmer clasping of my waist and a suppressed manner that showed she
was restraining her desire to press me to her bosom  her face slightly
flushed  and she turned her beautiful eyes upon me with such an
endearing expression of affection that i could have thrown myself into
her arms but for the check upon my ardour which her own reserve imposed
upon me 

nothing more took place between us that day  at our usual hour of
recreation  from four till five  miss evelyn retired to her room to
repose after the efforts of restraint that she had put upon herself all
day  and left us to ourselves  i need not say an immediate resort to the
summer house followed  there  first deliciously fucking mary  and then
gamahuching eliza  with the addition of gently introducing  at the same
time  a finger a short distance up her quim  i finished off with another
voluptuous fuck with mary  i thus was enabled to bear the bridle miss
evelyn put upon the indulgence of my appetite in her person  and was
apparently more reasonable than in reality  she again  on the second
day  failed to give me the opportunity i so longed for  thinking she
might hesitate  from fear of discovery  and the fact of having no
apparently reasonable excuse of being alone with me  i determined to
play the idler next day in the afternoon  on being called up  i had done
nothing  miss evelyn looked grave  but blushed deeply at the same time 

 what do you mean  charlie  by this idleness  go  do your lesson  or i
shall be obliged to punish you  

she took me by the arm  and gently pressed it as she told me to resume
my seat  at four o clock  of course  my lesson was as far as before from
being done 

 mary and eliza  you can go into the garden  charles will remain until
he finishes his lesson  or is punished for his idleness  

they left and miss evelyn locked the door after them  then we flew into
each other s arms  and indulged in the most endearing caresses for a
very few seconds  i had been in a state of most violent erection for
some time  so that my hand was up her petticoats immediately  i gently
pushed her back on her low long easy chair  and kneeling in front  first
thrust my head between her thighs  and taking a glance at her
beautifully haired cunt  already all moist and juicy  showing that she
was as ready as myself  i gamahuched her until she spent in my mouth 
and sucked the delicious liquid most greedily  there was something
peculiarly sweet in her spend  and my tongue sought the innermost lining
of her delicious quim as far as its limited length would admit  that i
might not lose a drop of her exquisite nectar  worthy of the gods  the
excitement i occasioned her was almost too much for her to bear  she
drew me up  saying 

 oh  charlie  my angel of a boy  come  oh  come to my arms   i raised
myself up  threw myself into her arms  and in a moment i was engulphed
up to the cods in her exquisite and throbbing cunt  she closed upon me
with arms and legs  we were both too violently excited to pause for any
of the more voluptuous movements of less violent desires  but rushed on
in passion s wildest extasy  both far too eager to think of any
restraint  and with the utmost vigour on both our parts  we ran our
first course with great rapidity  my adored miss evelyn had quite got
over every feeling of pain  and could not but be delighted with the heat
and vigour of my attack  we both died away together  at the extatic
moment pouring down a mutual flood of spunk to cool the inflamed members
that had the instant before been in such tumultuous action  darling miss
evelyn hugged me close to her bosom  and threw her beautiful eyes 
screaming with passion  up to the ceiling  as if to thank heaven for the
joys she had felt  our lips then met and glued themselves together in
one long  long kiss of love  which quickly lighted up our lust  she was
as eager as myself  and we had another vigorous encounter  ending in all
the agonies of delight  as before  then after a longer interval of the
most endearing caresses and fond accents of murmured love  we ran our
third course  with more abandon lengthening out our exquisite
sensations  by slower and quicker movements and pauses between in which
my beautiful governess began to develop an art in which she shortly
became even superior to the more experienced mrs  benson  who had so
charmingly initiated me into love s mysteries 

there was a peculiar charming and endearing softness in the manner of
miss evelyn most winning and most exquisitely attractive  it was
evidenced even in her mode of handling my prick  without grasping it 
her hand appeared to pass over it hardly touching it  but in so exciting
a manner that after any number of encounters  she could raise it by her
fairy touch in a moment  our third encounter lasted quite half an hour 
and we sank in the death like luxury of discharge  our whole souls
seemed to exude with the exquisite distillation of our seed  we had long
before regained our senses  i was still engulphed in her delicious cunt 
but she begged me to relieve her of my weight  we rose  she shook her
petticoats down  and assisted me to arrange my trousers  i then sat down
and took her on my knee  our lips met in a mutual warm kiss of gratified
passion  she thanked me for the joys of paradise i had given her and for
my discretion in procuring an excuse for our meeting  she acknowledged
that she had been as impatient as myself  but was obliged to take every
precaution against raising the slightest suspicion in the house 

 you must always remember  my darling boy  that for me discovery would
be my ruin for ever  i risk everything to possess you  my beloved boy  i
would care little for discovery  if it would not also separate us for
ever  that idea  my adored charlie  is insupportable  i can no longer
exist without you   here she threw her arms round my neck  and burst
into tears 

i have already described the effect of tears on my unruly member  which 
while i was consoling and vowing eternal attachment to my loved
mistress  burst from its bonds and stood out in all its glory  i took
her soft and beautiful little hand  and laid it on it  she grasped it
tightly  and looking at it  while smiling through her tears  said 

 my charlie  what a great big thing it is  i wonder how it could ever
get into me  without killing me  

 you shall soon see that   said i  and changing places  i laid her down 
lifted her petticoats and was into her in a moment  she begged me to
proceed slowly  and to lengthen out our pleasures as much as possible 
we had a most glorious and truly delicious fuck  my lovely and charming
mistress giving me most extatic pleasure by the exquisite pressures of
the internal folds of her delicious and lascivious cunt 

we lay enraptured for long after we had spent  and then resumed our
sitting position  and arranged everything in order  as the time for the
return of my sisters from their hour of recreation was close at hand 

our conversation naturally turned upon how we should arrange for our
next meeting  miss evelyn insisted that we must not think of meeting
more than once in three or four days  as otherwise we might raise
suspicions fatal to our meeting at all  however reasonable this was  i
raised an outcry against such a tantalizing delay  and begged hard for a
shorter period between our intervals 

 it cannot be my darling boy  remember discovery would separate us for
ever  by prudence  we may long continue these delicious meetings   i
suddenly suggested that as i slept alone in the little room  which  when
the spare room was unoccupied  was far away from everyone  she might
steal along at night  when all were asleep  and thus i could enjoy the
whole of her exquisite charms  without hindrance  she did not reply  but
i could see her eye sparkled  and her cheek flushed as if already in
imagination she was revelling untrammelled in all the luxury of
voluptuousness such a plan opened out  however  she did not at once
accept  but kissing me fondly  called me her dear and ingenious boy  and
said she would think over my suggestion  we resumed our lessons on my
sisters  return  miss evelyn was again four days before she gave me
another opportunity of an amorous meeting  it was only my purposed
insubordination that obtained me this interview  we again indulged in
all the luxuries of carnal enjoyment  as far as could be done 
incommoded as we both were by dress and locality  reverting more
strongly than ever to my plan of meeting in my lonely room  i begged so
hard that at last she promised to come the night of the following day  i
was obliged to put up with this  although i would fain have had her come
that very night  but as her passions were evidently gaining stronger
possession of her  and she was becoming more loving  and more voluptuous
than ever  i felt certain she would not disappoint me on the next night 
the delicious idea of revelling in charms i had so often furtively gazed
on  kept me away from my sisters next day  under a plea of headache i
went early to bed  and took up some oil  to oil the hinges and lock of
the door  to be prepared for my loved mistress  i lay long awake  and
was almost in despair of her coming  when i heard the clock strike
twelve  all at once i became aware she was at my bedside  she had
entered the room with so gentle a step that though on the watch for her 
i did not hear her even when she opened the door  shut  and locked it 
she had come in her dark grey cloak  and when at my bedside this was
dropped on the floor  she stood in nothing but a very fine and thin
chemise  she flung herself in my arms  as i rose to embrace her  and we
instantly sank closely clasped in each other s arms  i was far too
sharply set to practise any preliminaries  i turned her on her back  and
was into her in a moment  with one vigorous thrust  which almost took
away her breath  and gave her intense delight  i was too quick for her 
however  as i spent in two or three shoves into that delight giving
cunt  but as this hardly allayed the fires of my too ardent desires  the
convulsive internal movements of her unsatisfied orbit quickly restored
my scarcely reduced member to a renewed vigour  miss evelyn being
greatly excited by the unsatisfying nature of my first bout  was
extremely warm  and throwing her arms and legs around my body  we again
rushed headlong into all the fury of fucking  and as my previous
spendings had somewhat reduced the power of immediate discharge  i was
able to suit my movements exactly to those of my most active companion 
and we sank together in all the voluptuousness of satisfied desires 
lying long locked in each other s arms  before we were again in a state
to renew our combats in love s delicious domain  we spent the interval
in whispered vows and fond endearments and embracings of each other s
naked charms  both of us admiringly passing our hands over every part of
our bodies 

miss evelyn at last concentrated all her attention on my well developed
member  which she most endearingly embraced and fondled tenderly  very
quickly putting him into an ungovernable state of erection  i was lying
on my back  and she partially raised herself to kiss my formidable
weapon  so gently putting her upon me  i told her it was her turn to do
the work  she laughed  but at once mounted upon me  and bringing her
delicious cunt right over my prick  and guiding it to the entrance of
love s grotto  she gently sank down upon it and engulphed it until the
two hairs pressed against each other  a few slow up and down movements
followed  when becoming too libidinous for such temporizing delays  she
sank on my belly  and began to show most wonderful activity of loins and
bottom  i seconded her to the utmost  and finding she was so excited  i
slipped my hand round behind and introduced my middle finger in the rosy
and very tight orifice of her glorious backside  i continued to move in
and out in unison with her up and down heavings  it seemed to spur her
on to more vigorous actions  and in the midst of short gaspings and
suppressed sighs  she sank almost senseless on my bosom  i  too  had
quickened my action  and shot into her gaping womb a torrent of boiling
sperm 

we lay entranced in the raptures of satiated desire for a long time  at
last she came to her senses  and fondly kissing me  turned off  and we
lay side by side closely embraced 

 oh  my beloved charlie  what exquisite delight you have given me  you
are the most delicious and loving creature that ever could be created 
you kill me with pleasure  but what was that you were doing to my
bottom  what put such an idea into your head  

 i don t know   i replied   i put my arm round to feel the beautiful
globes of your bottom  and found in grasping one that my finger was
against a hole  all wet with our previous encounters  and pressing it 
found that my finger slipped in  you gave it such a delicious pressure
when in that the idea entered into my head that  as it resembled the
delicious pressure your enchanting other orifice gives my shaft when
embracing you  this orifice would like a similar movement to that which
my shaft exercised in your quim  so i did so  and it seemed to add to
your excitement  if i may judge by the extraordinary convulsive
pressures you gave my finger when you died away in all the agony of our
final rapture  tell me  my beloved miss evelyn  did it add to your
pleasure as much as i fancied  

 well  my darling charlie  i must own it did  very much to my surprise 
it seemed to make the final pleasure almost too exciting to bear  and i
can only account it a happy accident leading to an increase to pleasure
i already thought beyond the power of nature to surpass  naughty boy  i
feel your great instrument at full stretch again  but you must moderate
yourself  my darling  we have done enough for tonight  no  no  no  i am
not going to let him in again  

passing her hand down  she turned away its head from the charming
entrance of her cunt  and began handling and feeling it in apparent
admiration of its length  thickness  and stiffness  her gentle touch did
anything but allay the passion that was rising to fever heat  so sucking
one of her bubbies  while i pressed her to me with one arm under her 
and embracing her on the other side  i passed my hand between our moist
and warm bodies  reached her charming clitoris  already stiff with the
excitement of handling my prick  my titillations soon decided her
passions  and gently prompting her with the arm under her body  i turned
her once more on the top of me  she murmured an objection  but offered
no resistance  on the contrary  she herself guided my throbbing and
eager prick into the voluptuous sheath that was longing to engulph it 
our movements this time were less hurried and more voluptuous  for some
time she kept her body upright  rising and falling from her knees  i put
my finger to her clitoris  and added to the extatic pleasure she was so
salaciously enjoying  she soon found she must come to more rapid and
vigorous movements  and lying down on my belly embraced and kissed me 
toying with our tongues i put an arm round her waist  and held her
tight  while her glorious buttocks and most supple loins kept up the
most delicious thrust and pressures on my thoroughly engulphed weapon  i
again stimulated her to the highest pitch of excited desires by
introducing my finger behind  and we both came to the grand crisis in a
tumultuous state of enraptured agony  unable to do ought  but from
moment to moment convulsively throb in and on our engulphed members  we
must have lain thus languidly  and deliciously enjoying all the raptures
of the most complete and voluptuous gratification of our passions  for
fully thirty minutes before we recovered complete consciousness  miss
evelyn was first to remember where she was  she sprang up  embraced me
tenderly  and said she must leave me at once  she was afraid she had
already stayed imprudently long  in fact  it was near five o clock in
the morning  i rose from the bed to fling my arms round her lovely body 
to fondle and embrace her exquisite bubbies  with difficulty she tore
herself from my arms  i accompanied her to the door  and with a mutual
and loving kiss we parted  i to return and rapidly sink into the
sweetest slumber after such a delicious night of most voluptuous
fucking 

she came again three times in the next six nights  each time we renewed
our mutual joys  with ever increasing voluptuous indulgencies  on coming
to me for the fifth time  she said 

 dear charlie  i have only come to kiss you  and say i cannot stop  

 cannot stop   i cried   and why not  beloved miss evelyn  

 i am not well  but cannot explain more  

i had sprung out of bed  and clasped her in my arms  then passing a hand
down to her beauteous and well covered mons veneris  i found that she
was tied up there in cloth  i immediately remembered how my loved mrs 
benson had been exactly in the same way  i then also remarked the
peculiar odour of breath  but pretending ignorance  i begged to know
what had happened to my darling little grotto 

 i cannot tell you more  my dear boy  but it will keep me away from you
for four or five nights  

 but why should that be the case  cannot you let me enter that delicious
cave of delight only once  

 no  no  impossible  my dear charlie  absolutely impossible  it would do
me very great harm  and you too  let us be quiet in that way  and i
shall be the sooner well again to come and embrace you as before  

 oh  but darling  how can i support five nights  absence  i shall go mad
with desire and burst feel how he grows  and is longing for his loved
companion  

her soft and gentle hand caressed it  i thought to succeed by a  coup de
main   but she was too quick for me 

 no  charles  i am serious  and you must not try to force me  or i shall
never come near you again  

i saw she was in earnest  and flung myself on the bed in a pet 

 come  my darling charlie  be reasonable  and i will do my best to give
you some satisfaction  lay yourself on your back so  i will kneel on the
floor at right angles to you  because you must not attempt to touch me
down there  that is a dear boy  

so taking my prick in her soft hand  she gently moved it up and down 
then  suddenly stopping  took it into her mouth  sucking as much as she
could get in  and titillating the knob with her tongue  while one hand
frigged at the root of my prick and the other gently handled my two
crisped up cods  she prolonged the pleasure by occasional pauses  and at
last  on finding the electric like sensations coming  she hastened her
movement  and i poured a torrent of sperm into her mouth  she continued
her delicious sucking until not a drop more was left for her to swallow 
this was the first time she ever gamahuched me  but it was not the last
by scores of times  ever after we improved upon the model  and added
other endearments  when not under her courses  we mutually gamahuched
each other  and she was the first to repeat upon me  with the intensest
gratification  the delicious introduction of a finger behind while
gamahuching me  at present  when she had thus taken the edge off my
carnal appetite  she lovingly embraced me  and left me to my lovely
slumbers  of course  the four days  grace  saving two more passing
visits  to keep me cool   as she said  turned all to the advantage of my
sisters  whom i fucked and frigged to their utmost gratification and
delight 

i thus passed about four months  miss evelyn becoming a perfect adept in
love s delicious mysteries  but  although i had attempted to enjoy the
orifice of the lower temple of venus  my member was too large  and gave
too much pain  to completely succeed  so that i became the faithful
worshipper at the more legitimate altar of love  my sisters were
gradually developing their forms  mary particularly so  the hair on her
quim had increased to a most charming curling profusion  her hips spread
out  and her bottom  hard and prominent  promised to be very large 
eliza  too  began to show increased bubbies  and an enlarged and mossy
mons veneris 

we were approaching summer  and near the full of the moon  mary had
complained of feeling very low spirited  and very much inclined to cry 
i tried to comfort her  and thought success would best attend my efforts
if i fucked her  so enticing her down into the garden  we entered the
summer house  and i at once proceeded to action  she was rather
unwilling  she could not say why  but had an instinctive reluctance  she
yielded  however  to my entreaties  and i fucked her without apparently
exciting her in the usual way  i consequently withdrew as soon as i had
run the first course  and at once discovered what ailed poor mary  my
member was covered with blood  for the first time her courses had come
upon her  she was greatly alarmed  but i told her i had heard it was
quite natural to young women when they reached a certain age  that she
had better tell mamma at once  who would instruct her what to do  i
carefully wiped my reddened member  and then retired to my room to
purify myself  that very night  on miss evelyn coming to me  i found she
was exactly in the same state  she gave me my usual relief with her soft
hand and caressing lips  and then left me for five nights  as at that
time 

i now found myself reduced to my dear little sister eliza  up to this
time i had never actually fucked her  and her maidenhead was still
intact  she was now approaching fourteen  and the down on her charming
little cunt was becoming more decided  her bubbies too  under the erotic
excitement of my  attouchements  and gamahuching  had assumed a decided
prominence  my finger had somewhat rendered the opening of her little
pinky slit more easy of access  so i resolved to complete her carnal
education and fuck her thoroughly  the opportunity was perfect  both
miss evelyn and mary retired to their rooms to lie down at our usual
hour s recreation  eliza and i at once hied to the summer house  and
locked ourselves in  i immediately laid her down on the long couch  and
gamahuched her until she spent in my mouth  and then continued until she
was again almost mad with desire  i then told her i should initiate her
into a new mystery  more delicious than any she had yet experienced  but
that the first initiation was always painful 

 oh  what is it  my dear charlie  everything you do is so nice  i know i
shall like it what is it  

 then you must know  dear eliza  that this little cunt of yours is made
for the express purpose of having a prick put into it  only  as mine is
so large  and you are still so small and so young  i was afraid it would
give you too much pain to do it sooner  but now  i think  i may get it
in  if i do it gently  

 oh  charlie  dear  put it in at once  i have often felt i should like
it so  but  as you never attempted to do it  i thought it was a mere
fancy of mine  have you ever put it inside mary s quim  

 often  nay  always  my darling  

 does she like it  

 she adores it  

 then put it into me directly  charlie  

i wanted nothing better  and told her that in order to thoroughly enjoy
it  she must strip  in a minute she dropped off everything  while i took
off my trousers coat and waistcoat having been already laid aside  i had
brought a towel to lay on the couch below her bottom  to prevent any
tell tale stains  laying her down on her back  with her bottom close to
the end  her legs gathered up  and her two feet resting on the sofa 
with her knees falling outwards  in the very best position for my
intended operation   i put a pillow on the floor  on which i knelt  thus
bringing my cock a little above her quim to give me a good purchase  i
then first gamahuched her well again  until she spent and cried out 

 oh  put it in  my dear charlie  i do feel to want it so  

she was already well moistened by her previous discharges  and by my
licking the lips of her cunt  and covering them with saliva  with which
i also  at the same time  wetted my prick itself  i then made the point
approach the charming pouting and longing lips of her sweet little cunt 
and rubbing it first up and down between the lips  proceeded to insert
its knob between them  thanks to the precautions taken  and the
excitement i had raised by my previous caresses with tongue and prick 
the immediate entrance was effected with greater ease than might have
been expected  no sooner was it in about an inch beyond the knob than
the passion of excitement i had raised so stimulated the natural
lubricity of eliza s nature that she heaved up her buttocks
energetically  letting her knees drop quite down sideways  thus
favouring to the utmost my forward thrust made at the moment  so that my
prick was sheathed in an instant more than half his length  and but for
the obstacle of her maidenhead  which he then met with  would have been
entirely engulphed  as it was  it gave her a very sharp pang of pain 
which made her shrink back  and utter an 

 oh  charlie  

 do not fear  i will be gentle  keep still a moment and then you will
find the pain pass away  and great pleasure follow  

so we lay still for a time  until i felt those involuntary internal
pressures  the true precursors and infallible indicators of rising
desires  so commencing a slow and continuous in and out movement  i
shortly produced such an excess of pleasure in her delicious orbit  that
her movements became almost furious  and nature alone prompted her to
second me with as much art as if she had already been long instructed in
the delicious movements so calculated to add to the libidinous delights
of true enjoyment 

but eliza was a rare example of a truly salacious and voluptuous nature 
and proved herself in that way far in advance of mary  although she was
of a very warm temperament  eliza s passions were far more excitable 
and in the end she became one of the most voluptuous fuckers possible 
abandoning herself to all the wildest raptures that the most erotic
nature could suggest  of this  hereafter  at present i had worked her up
to the utmost pitch of excited desire  she was in the very act of
discharging  and as i withdrew for a final thrust  she heaved up her
buttocks in an agony of pleasure  i felt it was now or never  and
striking home with all my force  i burst with irresistible strength
through every obstacle  and tore my way inwards  until sheathed to my
very cods  poor eliza  at the very moment she thought herself in the
seventh heaven of delight  she experienced the most excruciating agony 
she gave a piercing cry and fainted away  her arms fell senseless from
my body her legs would have also fallen  but twining my arms round them 
i continued for several successive thrusts to penetrate fully and easily
into every recess  for i myself was wound up to a fearful state of
excitement  i died away in an excess of joy  sending a torrent of balmy
sperm to soften and mitigate the pain of her terribly torn quim  finding
that eliza could not regain consciousness  i rose somewhat in alarm  and
was horrified to see the quantity of blood that followed my withdrawal 
it was fortunate my forethought of the towel  as it had not only saved
the sofa  but helped to stanch her swollen and bleeding quim  and to
wipe the blood from her thighs and bottom  i had effected all this
before the dear girl showed the least symptoms of animation  she first
sighed  then shivered  and at last opened her eyes  and looked
confusedly at me  and asked 

 what has happened to me  charlie  

then observing how she was lying naked  she recovered her complete
consciousness of all the circumstances of the case 

 oh  charlie  now i know  i thought you had killed me  charlie  oh  it
was so frightfully painful  how could you hurt me so  and just as i
thought it was the most heavenly pleasure i had ever experienced in all
my life  

 my darling  it is all over now  and it will never hurt again  and we
shall both of us have greater pleasure than ever  but not just now  it
has been greater pain to you than i thought it would be  and for the
present we must not attempt any more   i helped her to rise  but she
felt very faint  and i had great difficulty in getting her dressed  she
was shocked to see the bloody state of the towel  i told her to put my
handkerchief between her thighs  and partly up her slit  to prevent any
marks of blood staining her shift  i then laid her down on the sofa 
while i ran to get some water from the fountain in the garden  i took a
glass and the towel with me  i returned with the water  which greatly
refreshed eliza  i begged her to lie still as long as she could stay 
however  when she attempted to walk  she found herself very much
incommoded with the smarting pain  i was terribly afraid lest this would
be observed when we got to the house  so i suggested she should
purposely fall down when in sight of anyone  and say she could not move
because she had hurt her knee by the fall 

this stratagem succeeded admirably  we were seen approaching by miss
evelyn  my mother  and mary  dear eliza acted her part admirably  was
seen to fall heavily  and screamed  they all rushed out  we lifted her
carefully on her legs  and supported her to the house  she complaining
of the pain in the knee and ankle  my mother insisted on her going to
bed at once  and having embrocations and hot towels applied  eliza let
them do as they liked  and eventually was left to quiet repose  which
soon relieved the painful sensations she had undergone  next day she
complained of great stiffness  and walked lame  but thought the hot
applications had prevented the swelling  so thus happily passed off all
observations of suspicion of the real circumstances of the case  it was
not until the third day after that i attempted to make an entrance  of
course  i excited her first to the utmost by a long continued
gamahuching  she then let me  but with fear and trembling  introduce my
bursting member into the delicate folds of her cunt  as i was very
gentle in my movements  the pain was scarcely felt  and when once well
sheathed  and the first thrusts given slowly and luxuriously  the whole
lubricity of her nature was soon awakened  and by the time i was ready
to spend she was as ready to second me  and we died away in a mutual
flood of delighted extasy  she held me close  and would not let me
withdraw 

 no  charlie  it took some trouble to get it in  let it stop where it is
so deliciously engulphed   and at once anticipating her natural desires 
she began the most exquisite pressures upon me  which very shortly
brought us both up to the point of demanding more active measures 
however  i rather restrained her  and told her we must retard our
movements to increase our pleasures  because mere quick repetitions
would only exhaust her  without yielding the true extasies of enjoyment 
i  therefore  taught her the pleasures of the slow movements  and i
worked her up to spending point  without giving way myself  the dear
little creature clung to me with the most close and endearing embraces 
as if she should force a complete amalgamation of our two bodies  and
died away in the sweetest bliss of contented desire  with such a
heavenly expression of extasy on her face as made me devour it with
kisses  i had great difficulty in restraining myself from precipitately
following her example  her delicious movements at the moment of
spending  and the close pressures on my prick  were so exciting that
resisting them was quite a triumph of control  i succeeded  and lay
quite quiet  embalmed in the delicious suction of those exquisite folds
of her charming little cunt  which exercised the most delightful
pressures as well as suction on my enraptured prick  i left it entirely
to her to lie as we were as long as she pleased  or to again begin the
dear delightful friction that should once more make us dash on passion s
furious course  to end as usual in the ever delicious extasies of the
final crisis 

this last bout had been a double one for my sister  she all but swooned
away with the rapture my spending in unison with her produced  she
declared it was a death of the most delicious extasy  which it was
perfectly impossible to describe  she clung to me  kissing me in the
most endearing manner  and telling me how happy i had at last made her
by completing the insertion of my prick in her cunt  it was worth the
suffering of twenty times as much agony to arrive at so exquisite a
result as every fuck i now gave her conferred upon her  we adjourned to
the flower garden  that we might be seen playing together  and not
excite suspicion by our constant disappearance  now that we were only
two together  of course  mary knew what we were at and probably guessed
that i had completed the initiation of eliza  she smiled  and gave me a
significant pressure of the hand  when we met again in the schoolroom to
resume our lessons  for two days more i enjoyed eliza all to myself  at
each new fuck she became more and more perfect in conferring as well as
receiving pleasure 

on the third day  miss evelyn whispered   tonight   as she gave me a
stolen pressure of the hand  she came  and we indulged in every whim of
our fancy  i had further the delicious pleasure of gazing on all her
naked beauties  as it was daylight before we parted  i had gamahuched
her twice  and fucked her five times  she gave me credit for a long
fast  and allowed so much indulgence on that account  but told me i must
in future be more moderate  for her sake  if not for my own  she allowed
three nights to pass before again coming to me  i cannot say i regretted
it  because now that eliza was initiated  as well as mary  we indulged
in the most delightful orgies of fucking and gamahuching at the same
time  at first we used to fuck with one laid on her back to be fucked 
while the other backed on her knees over the face of the one being
fucked  and was gamahuched by her  while i introduced my finger into the
rosy orifice of the bottom before me  but we found the most voluptuous
way was for one to lie down on her back  and the other on hands and
knees over her  she thus brought her mouth over the cunt of the one
lying down  and presented her bottom to me  who knelt behind her  the
one below guided my prick into the cunt above her face  she had thus all
the satisfaction of seeing our action  while with one hand she tickled
my cods  and the other felt my bottom hole  and inserted a finger 
meanwhile  she was gamahuched and bottom frigged at the same time by the
one i was fucking  and we used all three to die away in agonies of
enraptured delight  to recommence with a change of places between the
two girls  sometimes i tried to introduce my prick into the rosy little
orifice of mary s backside  but  although the finger frigging gave her
much additional pleasure while her cunt was operated upon by my virile
member  she as yet could not support the insertion of my large prick  i
had not even attempted little lizzie  but one day  when miss evelyn and
mary were again under menstruation  and i had dear lizzie all to myself 
she was seized with such an irresistible desire to ease herself  that
she had only time to get behind a bush and squat down  i remained
waiting for her  when she called to me  to ask if i had any paper  i
advanced to give her some  she was in a half standing position  with her
clothes held up to her waist  while giving her the paper  my eyes
accidentally fell upon what she had voided  i was struck with its
extraordinary thickness  i made no observation at the time  but it
raised an idea that preoccupied me much  i had often thought over the
pleasure that fucking mrs  benson s bum hole had given me  hence i had
tried to initiate both miss evelyn and mary in that delightful route of
pleasure  but  as before stated  had been unable to succeed with them
from the great developement of my weapon  thinking that if they could
not bear the insertion  there could be no possibility of success with my
younger and less developed sister  i had never attempted with lizzie
more than the insertion of one finger  it is true  with her it seemed to
produce more excitement than either upon miss evelyn or mary  the sight
of the extraordinary dimensions of the matter she had voided now
suggested the idea that if her apparently very small and rosy lipped
bottom hole could allow so large a mass to come out  with gentle efforts
my scarcely larger machine might be inserted  i determined to try the
initiation into that route of delight the very next day  remembering
that dear mrs  benson always made it a rule that she should be first
well fucked and gamahuched  and the prick well moistened  i began by
exciting dear lizzie to the utmost  i first fucked her  and made her
spend twice to my once  then gamahuched her until she implored me to
shove my prick into her  i had managed to introduce my two forefingers
at once into her bottom  and had frigged her while sucking her cunt 
without apparently giving any pain  on the contrary  from her movements
i fancied she felt greater excitement  i took care to enlarge  as much
as possible  or rather to stretch her bottom hole as open as i could
with two fingers  it was at the moment of her greatest excitement  when
she was pressing me to fuck her at once  that i said 

 my dearest sister  there is still another mystery of sensual
voluptuousness that you have as yet not experienced or been initiated
into  and i am about to instruct you in it  

 oh  what is it  dear charlie  but do anything you like  and as quick as
possible  

 well  then dear  it is this sweet little orifice in your bottom that i
am going to introduce my prick into  it may give you some little pain
the first time  but by gentleness of movement  and halting from time to
time when it hurts too much  we shall get him completely inserted  and
then it will be an immense pleasure to both of us  

 dear  dear charlie  do as you like  your darling prick can only give me
the greatest delight  i am dying to have him into me  i don t care
where  as long as i get the dear creature into me  i suppose i must be
on my hands and knees  

upon which she turned with great agility  and presented the two hard and
already promising globes of her charming backside  i lost no time in
first thrusting my prick up to the hilt in her cunt  to moisten it  it
made her shudder again with excess of lust  and she exercised such a
pressure upon it that i had some difficulty in withdrawing it  it was so
snug and nice therein that was a great temptation to run a course in her
cunt at once  but having the other object in view  and knowing that i
wanted all its stiffness to succeed  i did summon up courage enough to
withdraw  then applying the very plenteous saliva in my mouth that
gamahuching her had stimulated  i added it to the already moistened
prick  and applying some to her bum hole  and introducing a well wetted
finger  i put the knob of my formidable prick to the small and smiling
orifice that lay before me  the disproportion struck me as so great that
i dreaded success would be much too painful for her  but remembering the
dimensions of what had come out of it  i boldly proceeded with the
operation  i got in over the knob without making her flinch  but  as i
proceded to push gently forward  and had got in about two inches  she
cried 

 stop a little  charlie  it feels so queer i can t bear it in further  

i stopped where i was  but slipping a hand under her  i applied my
finger to her clitoris  holding her bottom tight against me with the
other hand round her waist  so as not to lose ground  my agile finger
soon worked her passions up  and i felt her bottom give convulsive
twitches on my prick  i allowed her to become still more excited  and
then gently pushing forward found i was slowly  and almost
imperceptibly  gaining ground  my prick was then inserted almost
two thirds of its length  when  thrusting rather too sharply  she again
cried out  and  but for the arm that held her fast round the waist 
would have unseated me 

 oh  charlie  dear  do stop  it seems to choke me  and makes me feel so
queer  that i thought i was going to faint  

 i shall lie quite still  now dear lizzie  it is quite in  this was a
little bit of deception to calm her fears  and when the pain of
insertion passes  which will be the case in a minute  we shall have
nothing but pleasure  

so i kept my prick just where he was  but redoubled my frigging her
clitoris  and very soon brought her up to spending point  resolved that
i would not attempt complete insertion until i felt she was in the
raptures of sensual discharge  this quickly came upon her  and it was
the delicious movement of her own buttocks that sheathed my prick to the
hilt without an effort on my part  and so far from giving her pain  made
her positively scream with the intense voluptuousness of her sensation
in spending  she could not speak for many minutes  but continued the
exquisite pressures of the sphincter muscle on my enraptured prick  but
for my determination not to give way  and rather to wait for another
bout that would completely initiate dear lizzie in all the luxury and
abandon of this delicious mode  i must have at once vigorously finished
my own course  my restraint was well rewarded  the first words my
beloved sister uttered were those of almost delirious joy at the
extraordinary delight i had given her  never  never  had any fuck so
enraptured her  she turned up her lovely face to me  and tears of
sensuality and voluptuousness filled her eyes 

i had hardly begun my titillations on her still excited clitoris  which 
by the way  had lately considerably developed itself  when she was as
eager for another bout as i was  i held sufficient restraint on myself
to practice every salacious movement  that i might give lizzie such
exquisite pleasure as should induce her on future occasions to grant me
the use of her charming bottom hole whenever i should desire  i worked
her up to the utmost pitch of the most salacious excitement  and at the
moment when she spent  in an agony of shrieking extasy  i poured a
perfect flood of spunk right up into her entrails  and we both sank
forward  but without unseating me  quite overpowered by the intensity of
our delight  when we came to our senses i rose from off her  on
withdrawing my prick i found a few traces of blood  but of no moment  i
wiped my prick on a handkerchief  and also wiped between the cheeks of
dear lizzie s bottom  for fear any tell tale marks should be made on her
linen  i then helped her up  and she threw her arms round my neck  and
sweetly kissing me  thanked me for a new lesson in love  which had
overwhelmed her with delight 

thus ended the first lesson that lizzie ever received by that route of
pleasure  and i may incidentally state that she was peculiarly
constituted for giving and receiving the most exquisite pleasure in that
way  she afterwards developed into a magnificent woman  with one of the
naturally largest and finest backsides i almost ever met with  and she
came to love backward fucking to the utmost extent  in after days  when
married  she told me that her husband was a muff  who had no idea of
enjoying a woman but in one way  she had often deceived him  and slipped
it into her bottom hole without his ever having any suspicion of the
sort of pleasure he had given her 

three months passed with the rapidity of a dream  while we indulged in
these scenes of delicious lubricity and voluptuousness  without ever
attracting any observation within the house and  more curious  without
miss evelyn either discovering or suspecting anything between my sisters
and myself thanks to my natural powers and the unfailing resources of
youth  both she and my sisters thought they each gave me as much as i
could get through  and  therefore  neither ever imagined i could seek
carnal delights in other arms  so it was but now there happened one or
two events which had a considerable effect on the after tenour of our
loves 

a neighbour  a very nice good looking man  about thirty five years of
age  a gentleman farmer  very well off  had for some time past always
waited for us at the church door on sundays  apparently for a chat with
mamma  miss evelyn  and us  he treated and evidently considered us as
mere children  nor did he appear to fix particular attention to anyone 

one monday my mother received a note from him  to beg she would grant
him a short interview on the following day  as he wished for her advice
on a subject of much interest to him  mamma s reply begged him to come
at eleven o clock  when she would be happy to see him 

he came  and was particularly neatly dressed  my mother had been very
agitated all the morning  and looked flushed and nervous as the hour
drew near  i really believe the old lady fancied it was for an idle
avowal to herself that he was coming  be that however as it may  the
object of his visit turned out to be a proposal to miss evelyn  with an
offer of marriage  he was ready to make such settlements upon her as
could not but be satisfactory  he told my mother that before speaking to
miss evelyn  whom he had loved from her first appearance in the parish 
and whose quiet  modest character had daily made a deeper impression  he
thought it only his duty to first break the subject to her  and to ask
her permission for an interview with miss evelyn  and next  if he was
acceptable to her  for leave to visit at our house  while courting his
wished for wife  he further stated that he had never ventured to hint
the state of his feelings to miss evelyn  and prayed my mother to be the
kind intermediary in opening the subject to her  and to beg as a favour
that she would grant him an interview to state his case in person on the
following day  so that he might learn his fate from her own lips  my
mother  although probably inwardly a little disappointed  had the
interest of miss evelyn too much at heart not to take up the matter
warmly  and urged  with all the volubility elderly ladies can so well
exercise  whenever the marriage of a younger friend is in question  all
the benefit that would accrue to her from so advantageous a proposal 
miss evelyn was really taken quite by surprise  and stammered out some
vague expressions of wishing for time to consider 

 stuff and nonsense  my dear  remember your dependent position  and the
advantages this match holds out to you  you must not think or talk of
delay  he will be here tomorrow  and i hope his lover eloquence will
soon decide the question in his favour  

poor miss evelyn burst into tears and said it was so sudden  and she was
so ill prepared to take any decision  she would  however  think over it
very seriously and in the morning be better able to give an answer  my
mother seeing that she was much agitated by what she had told her  very
kindly said 

 give the children a holiday this afternoon  and i advise you to keep
your own room  and write to your widowed mother  to tell her of the
offer  and to ask her advice how you should act  

we thus had many hours to ourselves  i had heard all that had passed 
and felt a sad pressure at my heart  when i began to realise the fact
that the proposal of mr  vincent would  if accepted  lead to our
separation  and deprive me of my loved miss evelyn  the idea made me
very sad  and i showed no alacrity in taking advantage of our extra
hours of recreation with my sisters  until mary began to rally me about
my melancholy  and asked what i meant by it  i at once said 

 don t you see  if miss evelyn marries mr  vincent we shall get another
governess  and can we ever expect to get one who is so kind and
excellent a teacher  and who troubles us so little at our games  

 ah  that is very true  and we should be horribly annoyed if we were
watched and interrupted  however  more reason that we should make the
most of the present moment  so come along  charlie  and let us have some
real good fucking  we have plenty of time  mamma is not very well  no
one will come near us  and there is nothing to hinder our having a jolly
time of it  all three stark naked together  so come along  

her words had already changed the current of my ideas  before she ceased
speaking my prick responded  which her quick eye immediately observed 
and patting it with her hand  she said 

 ah  my dear little dummy  i am glad to see you are of my opinion  so
come along  

away we went  and a most glorious afternoon of orgies we spent 

miss evelyn came to me at night and threw herself into my arms  in an
agony of sobs and tears  and pressing me to her throbbing bosom  she
sobbed out 

 oh  my dear charlie  i love you so dearly  you have become as necessary
to me as life itself  i cannot bear the thought of parting from you  my
loved one  you  whom i have initiated into all the delights of mutual
love  oh  the thought of parting is bitter  and breaks my heart  oh 
love me  my own darling boy  and press me to your heart  

i did more  for  as i have before stated  a woman s tears have a never
failing effect on the erective nerves of my machine  it was but the
commencement of a night of most luxurious enjoyment  miss evelyn put no
restraint either on herself or me  but indulged in every act of
lubricity and voluptuousness were drawing to a close  in fact  when
eventually she left me in the morning  and i thought over all she had
said  it became evident to me that she had already made up her mind to
accept the very advantageous offer made to her  the instinctive
intelligence of woman had at once shown to her that such an opportunity
was not to be lost for the sake of a mere boy  whom circumstances must
naturally soon remove far away from her  at the same time  doubtless 
the idea that i was all her own making  for she never had any suspicion
of my previous initiation  held a charm over her  to say nothing of the
powerful weapon she had so unexpectedly found by her side  and which had
so great an influence over her passions  we spent a most luxurious
night  and hardly closed our eyes  notwithstanding my afternoon s
debauch  such is the power and resources of nature  in a
well constituted youth of fifteen and upwards  that miss evelyn had
rather to force our embraces  than to stimulate by any artificial
excitement my ever ready prick  i won from her a promise to come next
night  and let me know what fate was in store for us 

next day mr  vincent was true to his appointment  mamma received him
with miss evelyn by her side  and after the usual compliments  rose and
apologised for leaving them  as she had household duties to attend to 
miss evelyn informed me afterwards that mr  vincent  on my mother
leaving the room  rose from his seat  and approaching her  said  in the
most frank gentlemanly manner 

 you are aware  my dear miss evelyn  of the object of my visit  and i
augur from your kind condescension in giving me this interview that my
suit is not disagreeable to you  

then taking her passive hand  and pressing it to his heart  he
continued 

 i have loved you  miss evelyn  from the first moment of my seeing you 
i feel that my future happiness hangs on your lips  for without your
love  my life would now be a blank  i am here today to offer you my hand
and fortune  if i have not yet your heart  i seek to be allowed to
cultivate your society  that i may try to win it  

then seeing that she was greatly agitated  he begged her to be seated
 for she had risen when he approached and took her hand   he led her to
a sofa  and seated himself by her side  he pressed for an answer  she
said 

 you must be fully aware  mr  vincent  that your generous offer has
taken me greatly by surprise  i feel most grateful to you for it  but
must implore you to allow me to pause  until at least i have heard from
my mother  to whom i will communicate the noble offer you have made to
me  a poor governess  who cannot but feel grateful to you for
condescending to think of her in such a way  

 ah  say not so  my dear miss evelyn  and believe me  it is no sudden
impulse that has driven me to your feet  but ardent love  and real
admiration of your great beauty and admirable conduct ever since you
entered this family  

the dear creature smiled through her tears upon me when she recounted
those terms of affection that mr  vincent poured out to her 

to be brief before they parted he won from her that his frequent
meetings at church  and elsewhere  had gained him something more than
esteem  but hopeless of ever becoming his wife  she had done her utmost
to suppress warmer feelings  oh  woman  thy name is deception  so she
sent him away the happiest man in existence  he rode over every day
afterwards  and was with miss evelyn from four to five  indeed  he was
often the cause of our having half an hour s longer recreation  he also
frequently dined with us  miss evelyn s mother naturally jumped at the
offer  and most delightedly gave her consent 

when mr  vincent heard of this  he became very urgent in claiming an
early day for making him the happiest of men  miss evelyn wanted a delay
of six weeks  but this raised such an outcry on his part  seconded by my
mother  that at last she was driven from six weeks to a month  and then
to a fortnight from that date  so all became extremely busy in getting
ready marriage dresses   c  the marriage was to take place from our
house  and my mother insisted that she should provide the marriage
breakfast  mrs  evelyn was invited to our house for a week at the time
of the marriage  to keep my mother company  my two sisters and a young
sister of mr  vincent s were to be the bridesmaids  and a young man 
courting miss vincent  to be bridegroom s man  so all was thus arranged 
and eventually came off most happily  when mrs  evelyn arrived she
occupied the spare room  where charming mrs  benson had so deliciously
initiated me in all the pleasures of sensuality and passion 

to return to the day when mr  vincent had his first interview  and
declared his love and admiration  and ended with the offer of marriage 
before going away  he rang for mamma  thanked her for all her kindness
to him  informed her how happy miss evelyn had made him in granting
permission to prosecute his suit for her hand   c  then begging the
favour of a chaste kiss  he left all radiant with hope 

the interview had naturally been very trying for miss evelyn  and she
was so evidently nervously agitated that my mother begged her to go to
her room  and lie down to repose herself  as after so much agitation she
must be quite unfit for any schoolwork  and that she herself would hear
our lessons that morning and give us an afternoon s holiday in honour of
the happy event that had occurred 

we thus  my sisters and i  were thrown again into another prolonged
opportunity of fully enjoying ourselves  but  notwithstanding the
wonderfully regenerative power that nature had gifted me with  i felt
that if i wanted to enjoy again my dear miss evelyn  who had promised to
be with me that night  i must not only restrain myself from such excess
as we had indulged in the previous day  but also manage to get some
sleep  of which i had scarcely tasted the night before  so i contented
myself with first gamahuching and then fucking each sister  afterwards
again gamahuching them  and making them each spend five times  so as to
satisfy them without exhausting myself  and then finishing off with a
delicious fuck in lizzie s bottom hole  while each gamahuched the other 
this quite satisfied them  and they allowed me to steal up to my room to
sleep  mary promising to call me in time for tea  i slept the sleep of
the just for some three hours  and came to tea perfectly ready for
anything that could happen that night  it was well it was so  for now
that there could not be any long lapse of time before we must part  miss
evelyn became a very glutton for pleasure  and every art and position
was made use of to stimulate and lengthen out our joys  she came every
night  even up to the very night before the marriage  although in the
last three nights before the event came off  her mother  mrs  evelyn 
slept in the spare bedroom with which my room communicated 
nevertheless  we met and carried on our amorous sports with bated breath
and suppressed sighs 

we had of late often tried in our moments of greatest excitement to
introduce my prick into her delicious tight little bottom hole  once  by
a sudden manoeuvre  i managed to get in at the moment she was spending 
and actually made an entrance as far as about two inches beyond the nut 
and i think i should have fully succeeded at that time if my own
excitement had not made me spend too soon  this oiled the way  and my
prick  having already fucked several times  becoming too limp  the
squeeze of her bottom actually forced him out  as if she were voiding
herself naturally  i fancied that  at the moment  but for my too excited
passion  she would have rather i had completely initiated her  however 
the night preceding her marriage  i at last succeeded  we had fucked in
every varied way  she was on her knees  with her head on the pillow  and
i on my knees  behind her  this was a favourite way of hers  as she
declared i got further in  nay  seemed to touch her heart and fill her
whole body  besides the frigging her clitoris and the action of my
finger in her bottom hole added greatly to the raptures this position
gave her  she had been already well fucked  and we had mutually
gamahuched each other  so her whole system was in a most excited and
well moistened state  taking care to put two fingers at once into her
bottom hole  i worked them so as to stretch it as much as possible 
while exciting her with my prick in her cunt  and a finger on her
clitoris  just as she was going into the raptures of spending i dropped
from my mouth a quantity of saliva onto her bottom hole  and as she was
pushing her buttocks back to me i suddenly withdrew my prick  and with
one vigorous thrust housed him half his length in her delicious
bum hole  she almost cried out aloud at the suddenness of the attack 
and would have flinched away but for the grasp of both my hands upon her
hips  a more vigorous shove sent me up to the hilt against her beautiful
buttocks  she whispered 

 for heaven s sake  dear charles  do stop a moment  i can t bear it  and
must cry out if you do not be quiet for a time at least  

as i was safely fixed  it exactly suited me to remain still  for had i
gone on  a push or two would have made me spend  now fairly engulphed  i
wished not only to fully enjoy it myself but  if possible  make her
enjoy it too  so remaining quite still  as far as regarded my prick  i
stole one hand down to her clitoris  and began to excite that  the other
i ran up to her bubbies  and played with the nipples  a thing which i
had found out excited her almost as much as playing with her clitoris 
her passions were soon reawakened  and the involuntary twistings of her
loins and pressures of her sphincter convinced me that in a very short
time i should work her up to the utmost  and so it was  and immensely
she enjoyed both her own spend and mine when she felt my hot spunk
shooting up into her very entrails  we sunk gently on our sides after
this bout  but without unsheathing me  and here embracing  kissing and
tonguing each other when she turned her head  and sometimes sucking the
nearest nipple to me  we soon once more were in a state to renew our
delicious combat  and a second course was run in the delightful
callipygian recesses of venus s second temple of lubricity  this was our
last bout  for  alas  it was getting the hour when the house would be
all astir  my lovely mistress embraced me most tenderly  and
acknowledged that i had at last taught her a new pleasure  she wept as
she tore herself from my arms  and i wept too when she left me  as i
thought i had now lost her for ever as a mistress  and what a charming
one she had been to me 

morning came  and with it bridesmaids  bridegroom  and man  to church we
all went  my sisters perfectly enchanted with the idea of being
bridesmaids  and beautifully arrayed in new dresses  they were also
still more delighted with some handsome jewelry presented by mr 
vincent  in their eyes he became the handsomest and finest man they had
ever seen  the breakfast went off as usual  and when the bride  who had
changed her bridal dress for a neat travelling one  came down  pretty
near all were in tears on taking leave of her  she pressed me tenderly
to her bosom  and whispered 

 courage  charlie  dear  

it was almost too much for me  but i managed to restrain any extreme
demonstration of my grief  the carriage door was shut  and off they
rattled to spend the honeymoon at leamington  the friends assembled
remained until the evening  and after the sensations of the day  and the
fatigues of the previous night  i was glad to get to bed  i cried myself
to sleep  thinking that another at that moment was revelling in all the
delights of amorous enjoyment of those charms that had been so long in
my sole possession 

thus ended one of the most delightful episodes of my life  and although
i  at some rare intervals  from time to time found an opportunity of
enjoying my loved mistress  they were flying fucks  very delicious  but
very unsatisfactory 

this was the first great incident that had an effect of changing the
tenour of our existence for some time  but i will reserve the details of
our after adventures for a second part of these reminiscences of early
experiences 

end of vol  i 




volume ii


contents


mr  james maccallum mrs  vincent miss frankland miss f   mary  and
eliza doctor and mrs  brownlow

the house was scarcely itself even the day after the marriage  mrs 
evelyn was still with us  and did not leave until the following day  she
and my mother spent most of the day in the summer house  so that our
pastimes therein were interrupted  mary complained of severe headache 
which  in fact  was the premonitory symptom of her courses  which
declared themselves violently in the evening  i had arranged with my
sisters to steal up to their room when all were asleep  as now that we
had lost our governess they had it all to themselves  i went  of course 
but found only eliza capable of entering into our sensual enjoyments  i
made her come to me in miss evelyn s bed  and while fucking her  was
thinking all the time of my darling governess  and even when i was
fucking her i could only remember the complete insertion of my prick
into miss evelyn s bum hole the very night before her marriage  and
wondered whether or not her husband had discovered her loss of
maidenhead  and yet  i fancied woman s natural cunning would easily
deceive him  as millions before him have been deceived  coupling mary s
attack and miss evelyn s choice of the marriage day on the full moon  i
could not help imagining that she intended to help her deception by the
advent of her menstruation  it will be seen hereafter how far i was
correct in my conjecture  i passed a delicious night in the arms of my
charming lizzie  and only stole away just in time not to be observed by
the early rising servants  mrs  evelyn departed the next day  my mother 
feeling poorly  desired lizzie to sleep with her  so perforce i had to
pass a very quiet night  but which the agitation and excessive venery of
the last week rendered very acceptable 

another week passed without anything particular beyond mary being able
to join lizzie and me in our orgies  the doctor had recommended my
mother to go for a few weeks to the seaside  and she resolved that we
should all go for six weeks before engaging a new governess  so we left
town for a charming little retired village on the west welsh coast  it
was but a small place  with one street  and some straggling houses here
and there  but with a beautiful stretch of sand ending in abrupt rocks 
our lodgings were but small  a sitting room and bedroom above a shop 
and two rooms over that  i slept in the small back room off the sitting
room  my mother had the front upper room  and my two sisters were in the
room beside her  with only a thin partition between them  so we found
ourselves obliged to seek for some outside place to enjoy the erotic
pleasures that had now become necessary to us  very few visitors ever
came near the retired little village  in our explorations we found that
at the far end of the sands there were some nice retired spots behind
the rocks  which soon became the scenes of our sensual enjoyments  the
place was more than a mile from the village  and we could see if anyone
was coming towards us for the whole distance  but still as we might
forget how fast time flies  we prudently established either one or the
other of my sisters as a sentinel to give us warning if anyone was
approaching  so i took them in turn  laid them down  had a mutual
gamahuche  and then a fuck  after which the previous watcher took the
place of the one just fucked  and the same process was followed in her
case  we had done this for three days  and were congratulating ourselves
upon having found out so safe a place to indulge all our propensities
in  we always spent the mornings with mamma  who kept us so far to our
lessons  but after our midday meal  which mamma also made her dinner
hour  she retired for a siesta  and we went out for a long walk and
something better  i have said we fully enjoyed the first three days
without any apparent chance of discovery  on the fourth  while lizzie
was on the watch in front  and mary and i after a delicious gamahuche
had just died away in all the ecstasies of a prolonged fuck up to the
moment of discharge  and i was saying to her 

 did not that feel delicious  and was it not up to the hilt  

 i should think so  with such a rammer as that up her cunt   said a
strange voice close to us 

you may easily suppose how we startled with surprise 

 oh  don t do that  i did not mean to spoil sport   said the same voice 

it was a very gentlemanly man  with a soft quiet voice  and charming
amiable expression of countenance  who stood smiling upon us close to
our side  with his breeches open  and his standing pego in his hand  so
great was our surprise that we never thought of the state we were in 
mary lay with legs spread out  and belly exposed  and cunt gaping open 
and i with my breeches down  and my great big cock pendent  it is true 
but hardly diminished in thickness  the stranger said again 

 i am not here to spoil sport  on the contrary  to aid you in every way 
i accidentally observed you two days ago  i am here  a stranger  like
yourselves  i know you to be brother and sisters  and admire you all the
more for being above the usual prejudices of that relationship  but you
must be aware that as i know all about you  the best way is to let me be
a participator in your sport  and then you not only shut my mouth  but
it will be the means of vastly adding to all your pleasures  as well as
giving me the most intense satisfaction  now  for instance  your elder
sister there  who was about to replace the younger on the watch  will be
all the more satisfied  if i first fuck her  don t be alarmed  my dear  
said he  as he observed a sudden move of mary  who all at once
recollected how exposed her whole person was   i shall do nothing
without your full consent  but i am quite sure your brother  who takes
you each in turn  will rather be pleased than otherwise  to see you in
my arms  or i much mistake his character  

i could not help  internally  thinking how exactly he had hit off my
very thought  for i had just been calculating  in my own mind  how much
better it would be for us to make him a participator with us  rather
than an enemy by a refusal  so i at once averred that as it had turned
out  it was likely to add greatly to all our pleasure  and i begged mary
to let him have his way  the natural reluctance of woman to appear too
easy of access made her simulate a refusal  but as she still lay on her
back  i leant over her  and opening her legs  begged him to kneel
between and help himself  he gallantly  on kneeling  first stooped
forward  and gave a good lick up of all her cunt s spunk covered lips 
and then proceeded to gamahuche her  which quickly made her as anxious
for his prick as he was to fuck her  as soon as they were fairly at it 
i whistled  and beckoned to lizzie to come up  you may easily imagine
her surprise to see mary in the arms of a strange man  but as the sight
had had its usual effect on my sensitive organ  and as it was standing 
almost ready to burst  i made her kneel opposite to them  and introduced
my prick into her cunt from behind  so that we could both see the
delicious fuck going on before us  it redoubled our excitement  and all
four of us spent together in cries of rapture  after this bout we sat
down to make further acquaintance  which  you may suppose  was not
difficult  after such an introduction  our new friend gave us some hints
very useful for future proceedings  meanwhile he was feeling young
lizzie s cunt with one hand  and my prick with the other  very nicely
and gently frigging it  he brought me to full stand very quickly  and
then made me lie on my back  while he proceeded to admire and praise the
extraordinary development which he declared was the greatest for one of
my age he had ever met with  and his experience was very extensive  when
it was at full stand  he stooped forward  and in the most delicious
manner sucked my prick  it was more exciting than when either of my
sisters  miss evelyn  or mrs  benson had gamahuched me  he also inserted
a finger in my bottom hole  and eventually made me spend in his mouth 
which he greedily swallowed  nor did he cease sucking until every drop
was drawn out of me  this had  of course  excited him  and he said 

 now  i must have the young one in her turn  

lizzie  nothing loath  lay down on the grass at once  i conducted his
prick into her cunt  and frigged his bottom hole  while their bout
lasted  his prick was one of the middlings  not very long  nor very
thick  but of a uniform size throughout  without any large projection of
the nut  like mine  he advised us to stop for that day  and to walk
towards the village with him  and then when in full sight  but far
beyond hearing  we could sit down and concert measures for future
pleasures of the most delicious lubricity 

 i see   he said   that we shall just hit it  i shall greatly add to
your pleasures  and you to mine  you have something yet to learn  and i
am the very person to instruct you in even higher delights than any of
you have yet enjoyed  

we followed him as desired  and  seated on a sand hillock  we held a
long conversation  and arranged everything for future indulgencies  we
agreed to meet at the rocks next day at our usual hour  he undertaking
to be there ahead of us  to see that no lurking stranger should have
hidden himself as he had done that day  he would think over the matter
in the meantime  and contrive some way of meeting where we could be
fully at ease  and strip ourselves naked  so as to enjoy a complete
orgie of the most salacious lubricity  he showed us where he was lodged 
a small inn a little way out of the village with its front to the road 
and behind the stables there was attached to it a small cottage 
consisting of a bedroom above  with a dressing room  or small bedroom if
necessary  over the passage  the door opened upon the coast  and there
was no other communication with the inn than by going round past the
stable yard to the front door  the servant of the inn came round in the
morning  and laid his modest breakfast of tea  eggs and toast  and when
he was done  cleared away and made his bed   c  he took his dinner in
the inn parlour at the hour the landlord and family dined  nothing
overlooked his windows  and he was sufficiently away from the village
not to be easily observed  still less so from the inn  so that on
approaching his lodgings from the sands he was almost as safe from
observation as if he had lived in a lonely house far distant from any
other  i am thus particular in describing his lodgings  as the
advantages of the situation afterwards induced us to turn them to a
profitable use  our friend s name was maccallum  james maccallum  an
offshoot of the great scotch clan of that name  then in about his
thirtieth year  fond of sporting  particularly fishing  his room was
surrounded with the necessary implements  and he much frequented wales
from its advantage of possessing so many good trout streams  he it was
who gave me a taste for the piscatory art  and i afterwards accompanied
him on many a fishing excursion  which often led to new and singular
erotic adventures  of which i may  perhaps  hereafter recount a few  his
ordinary residence was london  and our present acquaintance led to some
most intimate relations of true erotic extravagance  of which more anon 

meanwhile we met at the rocks on the next day  a saturday  we found mr 
maccallum at his post  and all being secure  proceeded to action  it was
mary s turn to take the first watch  our friend constituted himself
master of the ceremonies  he desired me to take off my breeches  and
lizzie to take off her gown and ease her corset  for as yet she wore no
stays  then telling me to lie down on my back  he made lizzie kneel at
my head  with her bottom to me  and then to press back so as to bring
her charming little cunt over my mouth  her under petticoat and chemise
being well canted over her shoulders  i thus had complete command of her
clitoris with my tongue  and she could sink her buttocks quite down on
my face  so that i could shove my tongue well up her cunt  and lick up
all her spendings when she discharged  and at the same time  while
embracing the charming plump hard buttocks with one hand  the other was
left free to frig her bum hole  and stimulate her passions up to the
utmost  i have already told you how naturally she had taken to posterior
pleasures  while thus engaged  mr  maccallum proceeded to gamahuche my
prick in the most delicious manner  for he had an art in this delightful
accomplishment that far exceeded that of the many by whom i have been
gamahuched of course  he added the  postilion   as the french say  by
frigging my bottom hole at the same time  he made me most voluptuously
discharge in his mouth at the very instant dear lizzie was pouring into
mine her delicious spendings  we lay enraptured for some time before we
could stir  then rising  i wished to return the compliment mr  m  had
paid my prick  by sucking his  but this he declined  saying 

 i shall teach you all a new pleasure before we part  and my powers are
not quite so active as your youth enables you to be  so for the moment
we will indulge in close observation and sweet caresses of our members
until by gentle titillations i get you two more prepared for the amorous
contest  

he gamahuched lizzie while handling my prick  and a very short period
elapsed before he had us both in such a state of excitement that we were
ready for anything he chose to direct  this time he also required me to
lie down on my back  but he placed lizzie on the top of me  and guided
my prick himself into her delicious tight little notch  when fully
inserted  which was completely accomplished before she quite lay down
upon me  he desired us to go slowly to work  for a short time  with his
face close to my cods  he watched the in and out movement of my prick 
inserting a finger into both lizzie s bottom and mine  then rising  he
said 

 stop a little  my dears  but don t withdraw  i am about to give your
sister a lesson in the double action of most delicious pleasure  

then spitting on his prick  and applying a quantity of saliva to the
rosy orifice of her bottom  he proceeded to insert his prick little
thinking how fond she was of taking pleasure in this route  and how
often she had already enjoyed it  he took every precaution not to hurt
her  and to be as gentle as possible  telling her to push out her
bottom  and to strain as if she wanted to void something  which he told
her would facilitate his entrance  and give her less pain  you may
imagine how secretly pleased lizzie was  she did all he desired and with
great gentleness he succeeded in sheathing his prick up to the close
junction of his belly against her buttocks 

 capital  my dear  you have borne it admirably  i see you will make an
apt scholar  now you will have nothing but the most ecstatic raptures
from the action of two pricks at once  now  charles  it is for you to
work  and for your most charming sister to continue only the exquisite
pressures she is already at this moment so rapturously conferring on our
excited members  

we thus commenced the first lesson we ever had in the double fuck  dear
lizzie was almost mad with the agonising sensations of rapturous
pleasure the double thrusting produced upon her erotic nerves  i  too 
felt the rubbing of mr  m  s prick so closely upon mine  for the slight
membrane dividing the bottom passage from the vagina  by the powerful
stretching of the two members between which it was sandwiched  became so
thin a division that it really appeared as if there was nothing between
our pricks  such ecstatic excitement brought matters to a speedy
conclusion  lizzie screamed so loudly with her excess of pleasure that
it somewhat alarmed mary  who came running up to see what was the
matter  her surprise was great at the sight she beheld  but we were far
too deliriously wrapt in the lap of most salacious luxury and lubricity
to be sensible to any interruption  as for lizzie she was in convulsions
of ecstasy  which ended in quite a hysteric attack which rather alarmed
us  and made us withdraw from the exquisite sheaths in which we had been
engulphed with such rapture  it was some time before dear lizzie
recovered her senses  and then she burst into tears  declaring she had
never before known what pleasure meant  and she had been in the seventh
heaven of delight  that she could wish for no better death than to die
in such agony of pleasure  she then threw herself into mr  m  s arms 
and kissing him with the utmost fervour  said 

 oh  you dear man  how i love you for teaching me such a delicious way
of loving  you shall have me whenever and wherever you please  i shall
love you as much as i do my darling brother charlie  

she then turned to me and warmly embraced me too  then  putting on her
gown  she proceeded to take up the watch  while mary remained to be
likewise initiated in the luxury of the double fuck  she somewhat
dreaded the experiment  but having witnessed the ecstasies of pleasure
it had thrown lizzie into  she was not unwilling to try if it could be
accomplished with mr  maccallum s somewhat less massive member  he put
us through the same preliminary manoeuvres of backing mary on her knees
over my mouth  and while he sucked my prick  he feasted his eyes at the
same time on mary s really finely developed buttocks  giving him promise
of great after pleasure  he even begged me to leave her bottom hole to
his finger so that he frigged the bum hole of the sister while he sucked
the prick of the brother  a combination which afforded him the most racy
delight  mary was greatly excited  and spent most copiously in my mouth 
while i quickly followed suit in the mouth of mr  m   who did not allow
a drop to be wasted  when we had reposed ourselves sufficiently  his
lascivious touches and caresses and praises of our parts soon
sufficiently re excited us to let him see if we might again proceed to
action  as before  i lay down on my back  and mary  straddling across
me  had my prick guided into her longing cunt by the hand of mr  m  when
i was fairly engulphed in her hot and throbbing cunt  she began her
exquisite  casse noisette  pressures  which talent she possessed in the
greatest perfection  then bending down to me i clasped her in my arms 
and glued my lips to hers in a loving kiss and tongue embrace  her
bottom presented itself in all its beauty to our worthy master of the
ceremonies  who  delighted with its more fully blown beauties than that
of the younger sister  paid first due homage to it by fondly kissing it 
and thrusting his tongue up the rosy orifice  titillating her
excessively  then wetting his prick he applied it to the tender
rosebud like dimple at first without success  mary telling him she did
not think he could possibly succeed 

 patience and perseverance  my dear girl   said he   will enable me to
get into a mouse  we must try another way  it is that great huge monster
of a prick in your cunt that is so blocking up the route as to close
almost entirely the way to the more secret temple of salacious delights 
withdraw for a moment  

i did so  upon which he plunged in an instant up to the hilt in her cunt
and gave a few shoves to excite her and throw her off her guard  for he
told us afterwards  the first difficulty was all owing to mary s
involuntary opposition  by squeezing in her bottom hole  instead of
pushing it out  when he thought he had sufficiently excited her  and
made her suppose he was going to continue regularly fucking her  he
suddenly withdrew the two fingers he had in her bum hole  by a jerk
substituted his prick  and before mary was aware  had sheathed it more
than halfway into her bottom  she gave a half scream  but his hold of
her hips  and my close embrace of her waist  for i all along knew what
he was at  prevented her from flinching and throwing him out  which was
her first impulse  he said 

 i will keep still  and any unpleasant feeling will go off in a moment  

he stopped for two or three minutes  which i occupied in first rubbing
the end of my prick on mary s clitoris  which was a well developed one 
and when by her nervous movements i found her passions were being
roused  i slipped it into her tightened cunt without much difficulty 
mr  m  took the opportunity of finding me penetrating to glide in on his
point of attack up to his utmost limit  mary gasped again  and declared
it was choking her  however  by a little more patience  and then by very
gentle movements  we gradually worked her up to the utmost state of
excitement  and she  as well as both of us  went off in a delirium of
enraptured felicity  she lay panting and throbbing between us for nearly
a quarter of an hour 

i was already in a state for renewed efforts  but mr  m  rose  and
withdrew his reeking prick from the tight recess in which it had enjoyed
such ecstasies  and told us we must be content with that day s work 
expressly as he had a plan in his head for the next day  that would
require us to have all our erotic powers at command  then  as before  we
approached the village  so as to be seen  but not overheard  so that our
going away to more distant places should create no suspicion  mr  m 
then informed us that we could come to his cottage the next afternoon 
instead of the rocks  we should be able to undress ourselves in the
buff  and have a perfect orgie of salacious delights  we heartily
approved of this plan  and after an amusing conversation  we parted to
meet the next day on the sands  but in the contrary directions to the
rocks  for the purpose of afterwards approaching his cottage from the
least observable site 

after dinner the next day we started at our usual hour apparently for
our ordinary promenade  but after leaving the village  and allowing most
of the people to be safely stowed away in church for the afternoon
service  we turned on our steps and made for mr  m  s door  he saw us
coming  and was ready to admit us  without knocking  we immediately
adjourned to the bedroom upstairs  and lost no time in all of us
stripping stark naked  after some preliminary admiration of the two
girls  whose forms were certainly cast in beauty s mould  we lay down in
bed  i and lizzie mutually gamahuched each other  with the usual
accompaniments in the charming orifices of our bottoms  mr  maccallum
and mary  for he had taken a great fancy to her and her splendid bottom 
followed our example  after we had a happy and most delicious spend  and
then mutual embraces and kisses  we put the girls into all conceivable
poses  until we were once more ready to go on with something more
serious than gamahuching  mr  m   as usual  acted as master of the
ceremonies  and ordered mary to lie down on her back  then lizzie
reversed upon her  so that she could gamahuche mary s cunt  and tickle
her bum hole  while mary was to frig lizzie s clitoris with one hand 
and play with my cods with the other  mr  m  himself guided my prick
into the delicious bottom hole of lizzie  and when we were all fixed 
and he had frigged my bum hole with two fingers  he said 

 now i am going to initiate you  charlie  into the delight of being
alike operator and receiver  

so saying  he moistened his tool and spit in my bum hole  and proceeded
very gently to introduce his prick therein  i have described his cock as
not very thick at the point  consequently the first part introduced
itself very easily  but when the pillar pushed its way in  and began to
stretch the parts  it produced a curious sickening feeling  very like as
if i had received a kick on the bottom  so i was obliged to ask him to
halt a little  he was too experienced in the art not to fully understand
my feelings  and knew well it would go off in a minute or two  if i was
left quiet  so pausing until i told him he might now try to get in
further  he drew back a little and applying more spittle to the shaft 
gently and firmly  and slowly guided his prick up to the hilt  or as far
as his belly and my buttocks would allow  again pausing a little  until
feeling by the throbbing of my prick  which produced the same pressure
on my bum hole  that i was warming to the work  he began slow movements
of thrusts in and out  which  together with the hot and voluptuous
pressures and movements of my own little partner excited both by mary s
finger and my prick  began to fire my passions  and we soon grew very
fierce in our movements  nothing i could ever have imagined equalled the
extraordinary and delicious ecstasy that the double action produced upon
my erotic nerves  i gasped  i shuddered with the agony of intense
pleasure  and at the moment when the grand and rapturous finale
approached  i actually brayed exactly like a donkey  which  in after
cooler moments  amused all of us  the action of pleasure had come upon
all at once  and we sank in an inert mass on those below us  how poor
mary endured it astonished us  but the scene had so excited her that she
said it never occurred to her  and she felt nothing  we eventually rose 
and after a necessary purification  partook of wine and cake  which mr 
maccallum  with great foresight  had provided  after that he would not
allow us to fuck for some time  and we had a regular romp all about the
room  which we enjoyed very much  and nothing was heard but slaps on our
bottoms  and the wildest rollicking laughter until our two cocks  by
their stiff standing  showed that we were again ready to enter on new
combats  this time lizzie lay down  mary gamahuched her  mr  m  got into
her bum hole  and i proceeded to attempt to do the same to him  but all
to no purpose  i was too heavy hung for his bottom hole  a very small
one for a man  he had every wish to accommodate me  but do what i would 
i could not overcome the physical difficulties  so reversing our
positions  i lay on my back  mary straddled over me  my prick was put
into her cunt  and stooping down  and presenting her anus  m  succeeded
more easily than the day before in getting into her bum hole  lizzie
standing up with a leg on each side of mary s and my body  brought her
quim up to m  s mouth  and he luxuriously gamahuched her  while his
finger acted  postilion  in her bottom  the erotic storm raged with
great fury for a long time  and then  growing more fast and furious 
brought us all standing in ecstasies of the most salacious enjoyment 
for us to sink once more into the annihilation of satiated desire  we
lay long wrapped in close embrace  recovering our senses in long drawn
sighs  we again refreshed ourselves with wine and cake  and as our
passions were not so quickly reawakened as those of our more excitable
companions  we proceeded to gamahuche them  without their exercising a
like skill upon our pricks  we then had another romp  and replacing mary
below and lizzie above  i  this time  fucked her cunt  at her request 
as she said it must not be altogether neglected  m   as previously  took
me behind  and as there was a greater facility  so there was greater
enjoyment  and as our previous exertions had taken off the sharper
appetite  we were enabled to draw out our pleasure to a much greater
length  until at last we died away in all the agony of such a glorious
conjunction of parts  we had one more delicious general fuck before we
parted  lizzie was again fucked by me  and buggered by mr  m   which she
declared she preferred to any other combination  my prick so deliriously
gorging her tight little cunt  and making m  s prick  from the pressure
of my larger weapon in the cunt  feel as tight in her bottom as my prick
did  when nothing but mary s finger was in her cunt  we ran our course
with even greater luxury and lasciviousness than before  lizzie actually
was hysterical with the force of her enjoyment  and we all sank sideways
off poor mary  and lay long locked in each other s arms  this  for that
day  ended our most delightful orgie  we purified ourselves  and then
dressed  we parted with many sweet embraces  and promises of renewing
the delightful scenes we had just gone through  and  in fact  we often
and often repeated them  varying from time to time with a visit to the
rocks  lest we should draw observation upon us by constantly going to
the cottage 

our six weeks came to an end so rapidly that we could hardly believe the
time had already passed  mamma one morning informed us we were to leave
on the day after the next  you may suppose our disappointment  but there
was no help for it  we met that day at the rocks  we were melancholy at
the thought of parting with our charming friend  whom we now really
loved  we were not near so fiery as usual  but resolved to have one
thorough good orgie the next day at the cottage  as a farewell benefit
to us all  we met  as agreed on  and put in force every art to augment
our pleasures  and every contrivance to excite anew our powers to the
utmost  both m  and i must have spent six to seven times  but the girls
being more easily excited in their finer organs of coition  went off in
ecstasies some nine or ten times  until fairly exhausted  we had  from
want of power  to give up the game  dress and part  we hoped to meet
again  the girls wept at parting with our delightful friend  to whom we
owed so many delicious orgies  we exchanged addresses  and he promised
to come on a fishing excursion to our neighbourhood  where he hoped we
should find means of renewing the lascivious sports we had already so
much enjoyed  we tore ourselves away from him at last  it will be seen
in the sequel  that unforeseen events carried me to london  or rather
away from home  before we could meet again  and it was in london  at his
own chambers  where we again renewed our charming intercourse  and
practised every art of venery 

we returned home  and mamma again advertised for a governess  and stated
that she required one of not less than thirty years of age  and with
much experience in teaching  numerous responses were made to the
advertisement  but one lady desired to see mamma and her pupils before
accepting the place  at the same time forwarding very satisfactory
testimonials  mamma was rather struck with the style of letter  and the
unusual demand of previous acquaintance before entering into final
arrangements  so she wrote to miss frankland  begging her to come and
spend three days with us  and if her visit should prove as agreeable to
both as her letter had done to mamma  she had no doubt matters might be
arranged to their mutual satisfaction  accordingly  at the expected
hour  miss frankland arrived  she was  to our then thinking  an elderly
lady  rather above thirty years of age than under  of tall and
commanding figure  somewhat large  but no superfluous fat  broad
shouldered  and wide hipped  with bosoms well separated  but not too
prominent  her hair was coal black  and her eyes equally so  but with
the most determined expression  rendered more so by very thick eyebrows 
which met in the middle  she showed also a well marked downy moustache 
and the small curly hairs below her head  at the back of her neck 
literally lost themselves beneath her high necked dress  she always wore
long sleeves  and never showed bare arms  i afterwards found the reason
of this was that her arms were so black with thick hair that she was
ashamed to let them be seen  although  in reality  beautifully formed
and plump  her mouth was large  it showed animal passion  but at the
same time determined firmness of character  you could not call her
handsome  but there was altogether an appearance of face  expression 
and person that might well be styled a fine woman  as for us  at the
period of first seeing her  we only marked the determined character of
her countenance  and at once dreaded her becoming our governess  as we
felt we should not only have one who would master us  but who would also
be severe in every way  youth is often a better physiognomist than it is
credited with  it will be seen in the sequel whether we had judged
correctly or not  suffice it to say that her three days  visit ended in
her being perfectly satisfied with the offered position  and mamma being
equally satisfied with her  we did not know at the time  but afterwards
found out  that she had made it a  sine qua non  that she should have
carte blanche as to the use of the rod  she had observed to mamma that
she thought we had been too leniently treated by our late governess  and
it would be necessary to exert severe discipline  which  in her own
experience  she had always found most efficacious  my mother  who had
during the last two months found us rather headstrong and wilful  quite
chimed in with her idea  and gave every authority to do quite as she
liked  either with her girls or her son 

terms being so arranged  miss frankland required a week to make all her
arrangements before definitely taking up her new residence  my mother 
thinking we should be well kept in on the arrival of miss frankland 
left us in uninterrupted liberty until then  you may be sure we improved
the occasion  and did our best to make up for the loss of our
inestimable and amiable friend  mr  maccallum  not only did we make use
of the summer house by day  but every night i stole up to my loved
sisters  room  where we tried to emulate the luxurious scenes of
lubricity we had lately been so deliriously indulging in at the seaside
in wales  of course  the week passed far too quickly  and on the
appointed day my mother drove into the town to bring miss frankland
home  on the arrival of the coach  my two sisters accompanied her  as
something or other was always wanted for the girls  and as miss
frankland and her luggage would quite fill the carriage on their return 
i was left by myself at home  a most fortunate circumstance  as it
turned out 

i was somewhat annoyed at being left alone  but how true it is that  man
proposes and god disposes   had i gone with them i should have missed a
most delicious and unexpected treat  i had strolled to the summer house
in a sort of despair at the lost opportunity of again fucking my sisters
before the arrival of the dreaded governess  i was listlessly gazing out
of the window when i suddenly became aware of a lady waving her hand to
me from a gig coming down the road which our summer house commanded  in
an instant i recognised mrs  vincent  to run down the hillock  unbolt
the private door  and welcome her to our house  was the work of a
moment  i begged her to get out and walk to the house through the
grounds  her servant could drive round to the stables and wait there 
she did so at once  i never said a word of all being absent until i had
her safe in the summer house  without a word i seized her round the
waist  and pressing her back on the couch  quickly unbuttoned my
trousers  and pulling up her petticoats  was pushing my stiff prick
against her belly before she was almost aware of my intentions 

 my dear charlie   she cried   what are you at  we shall be discovered 
and it will be my ruin  

 oh  no  my ever loved mrs  vincent  they are all away to town  and we
have nothing to fear  

she loved me too well to make further resistance  on the contrary 
seconding me with all her accustomed art  we both quickly sunk in all
the voluptuous raptures of satisfied desire  i would not quit my
position  but kissing her rapturously  i shoved my tongue into her
mouth  and stopped her remonstrances  the excitement of meeting her
after a two months  separation stimulated my passions to the utmost  and
with hardly bated breath i began a fresh career  but with more
moderation and greater pains to make her a perfect participant in the
raptures i myself was receiving  she thoroughly enjoyed it  and being
relieved from any fear of surprise  after my informing her of the
absence of all the family  she gave way to all the force of her ardent
amorous propensities  enjoyed our delicious fuck thoroughly  and spent
at the same time as myself with screams of satiated passion  after this
i withdrew  she kissed me most tenderly  and said i was as bad and wild
a boy as ever  that she loved me too tenderly ever to refuse me anything
i desired  and begged me to sit by her side and talk of old times 

 no   i said   on the contrary  tell me all about yourself  i have not
seen you since your marriage day  and i want to know how the after part
went off  i was in dread lest our embracings should have left traces
that would make your husband suspect you were not all he had
anticipated  

 you are a strange boy  my dear charlie  and more of a man in every way
than many ten years older than yourself  who would have thought such
ideas would have been running through so young a head  well  my darling
boy  i was somewhat uneasy on that very point myself  and  indeed  had
fixed the marriage day when i expected i should be unwell on the very
night  but in that i was disappointed  nothing came  and i was driven to
act in the best way i could  i kept my legs close together  i got my
hand down to that part of my person  and kept squeezing my affair as
close as possible  i pressed hard with my fingers on his weapon as he
forced an entrance  and all at once gave way with a scream of apparent
pain  as he gave an extra thrust  and let him penetrate at once  an
inexperienced husband takes much on credit and imagination  i quite
satisfied him that he was the first possessor of my person  but  oh  my
beloved charlie  i found i was really ready in the family way  and you 
my dear fellow  are the father of the baby now within my womb  

 what  i  i  the father of your baby  oh  dear  darling mrs  vincent 
oh  say that again  

 it is indeed true  my dear charlie  and the knowledge that i first
possessed you  and you me  reconciles me to giving my husband a child
that is not his  

 my child  my child   i cried  and i danced round in a paroxysm of
delight at the idea of being a father  it seemed at once to elevate me
to manhood  and puffed me up with pride  i rushed upon dear mrs  v  
embraced her most warmly  and pushing her back on the sofa  said 

 i must see how the little angel looks in his cell  

i turned up her petticoats  and exposed all her beauteous belly  already
by its swelling showing there was more there than ever went into her
mouth  her cunt too had become more prominent  i stooped  kissed her
lovely quim  gave it a good suck  then gamahuched her till she cried out
for my prick to fuck her  and a most exquisite and rapturous fuck we
had  the thought that i was baptising my own babe with my sperm
stimulated my lubricity  and we ran a course of the most libidinous
delights until we dissolved away in the most voluptuous death like
exhaustion of satisfied desires 

 charlie  my darling  you must get up  remember you may injure the dear
little creature by too great an excess  so pray rise  

i rose at once  but only to embrace her most tenderly  she complained of
feeling somewhat faint  and said we must now go to the house to get some
wine  we put ourselves in order  and all radiant at the thoughts of
paternity  i strutted along as proud as a peacock  and thinking no small
beer of myself  i hardly knew whether i stood on my head or my heels 
and was quite extravagant in my conduct  dear mrs  v  was obliged
seriously to caution me before i could come to a proper reserved
behaviour in presence of the servants  she rested about half an hour 
and was about to order the gig up to the door  but i implored her to
send it round to the road below the summer house  as i should all the
longer have the pleasure of being with her  she smiled  and again gave
me a pat on the cheek  as much as to say   i understand you  you rogue  
but did as i suggested  so we proceeded through the grounds  and were at
the summer house some time before the gig could be harnessed and come
round to the road below  i did not wait for that  but embracing darling
mrs  v   wanted to push her down on the sofa 

 no  no  dear charlie  that will tumble my dress too much  and we shall
have no time to put it in order  stop  i will kneel on the low couch 
and you will stand behind  i can guide you from below  and you know i
always thought you got further in and gave me more pleasure that way
than any other  

she knelt down  and i canted her clothes right over her shoulders  and
exhibited her fine buttocks  which  now she was in the family way  had
widened out  and were fatter and rounder than ever  first gluttonously
kissing them  i brought my prick right against them  mrs  vincent
projected her hand behind  seized and guided him into her glowing and
longing cunt  and he plunged at one bound up to the hilt 

 gently  charlie dear   she cried   remember our dear baby is there  and
you must not be too violent  

this at once reduced me to moderation  i had a hand on each hip  and as
i slowly glided in  i pressed her splendid buttocks backwards to meet
me  i kept my body upright so as to enjoy the lovely sight of the
movement of her bottom 

 put your arm round and feel my clitoris  charlie  dear  

i did so for a minute  and then whispered 

 it is such delight to gaze on your splendid bum in action  so pray
apply your own finger to your clitoris  and let me enjoy the lovely
sight  

 very well  darling  

and i could feel her frigging away most furiously  this enabled me to
introduce first one and then two fingers into her most delicious
bottom hole  when i found she was in the greatest state of excitement  i
suddenly shifted my prick  and substituted it for my fingers  in her
surprise and excitement  she had no time to resist  and i glided in  not
too rapidly  quite up as far as i could go  she flinched a little  and
called me a bad fellow  but i held her hips too tight to allow of her
unseating me  even if she had wished  i begged she would let me go on 
for i had never forgotten the delight of doing it this way the night
before her marriage  she made no reply  but i could feel redoubled
action with her finger on her clitoris  and the muscular twitchings of
her loins and sphincter soon convinced me that nothing would please her
better than finishing our course where i was and most delicious it
proved  we should have died away in loud cries of agonised delight but
for the necessity of prudence  for doubtless the gig was then awaiting
but a few yards off  my darling mistress seemed unwilling to let me
withdraw  she held my prick in such close and firm embrace  throbbing on
it from moment to moment  and so exciting him that she shortly felt he
was again stiffening inside of her  she rose on her legs  and by that
action unsheathed me  then  turning round  she threw her arms about my
neck  and most tenderly embraced me  thanking me for having given her
such exquisite proofs of love 

 but i must go  my dear charlie  and i hope we shall have occasionally
some other delicious opportunity of enjoying such raptures again  say
everything kind to your mother and the girls  and tell them i shall come
ever again shortly and see them all  

i saw her into her gig  and watched her until a turn in the road hid her
from my sight  i returned to the summer house  and kissed the spot she
had last pressed with her lovely body  my soul was filled with love of
her  and pride that i was man enough to put a babe into her belly  i
strutted about the room  and if anyone could have seen me i should
doubtless have appeared ridiculous  mamma  our new governess  and the
girls returned to tea  i told them of mrs  vincent s visit  and her
regret at finding them absent  also of her promise to drive over again
on an early day  my mother hoped i had been attentive to her  i said i
had  as well as i could  and had got some wine and biscuits  as she
complained of not feeling very well  she thought the jolting road had
tired her 

it may well be supposed that after the impression our new governess had
made upon us  we were very attentive for some time  indeed  her system
of teaching was really excellent  far superior  in that respect  to our
former governess  she had a method of interesting you in what she was
teaching  and for quite two months we paid such great attention  and
made such really extraordinary progress  that she could not help
praising us highly to mamma while we were in the room  this was bad
policy  because  with the natural thoughtlessness of youth  we fancied
ourselves so clever that we became less attentive  this was patiently
borne with for some time  probably in consequence of our previous good
behaviour  but at last lizzie was somewhat impudent when blamed rather
harshly by miss frankland 

 oh  it has come to that  has it  we shall see   she continued our
lessons until four o clock as usual  and then desired lizzie to remain
where she was  she dismissed mary and me  locked the door on poor
lizzie  and went away  doubtless for a rod  she soon returned  and
locking herself in  most severely whipped poor lizzie s bottom  she sent
her out when it was finished  and lizzie joined us  weeping bitterly
from the pain she was suffering  we laid her on the couch  and turned
her petticoats over her head to cool her bottom  which she declared felt
as if burning hot coals were spread over it  i kissed the dear red
buttocks that were all covered with weals and looked like raw beef  but
no blood had been drawn  we fanned her with our handkerchiefs  which she
said was a delightful relief  in a very few minutes she began to wriggle
her bottom in a state of excitement  and cried out 

 dear charlie  do shove your prick into my cunt  it has begun to long
for a fuck  

i wanted nothing but this to instantly act  for the sight of her bare
bum had already made my cock stand as stiff as iron  she raised herself
on her hands and knees  presenting the back entrance to her cunt  and
telling me it was there she must have it instantly  i plunged up to the
hilt in a moment  for she was as juicy and moist as if she had spent 
which it is more than probable was the case  very few powerful thrusts
on my part  seconded by energetic action on hers  and she spent again
with a scream of delight  and with a pressure on my cock that almost
hurt it  she hardly paused a moment before she cried out 

 shove on  dear charlie  push it in further if you can  i am burning
with desire  

she wriggled her backside in every way in the most lascivious and
delicious manner  and when she felt the crisis approaching  by the
increased swelling and hardness of my prick as well as the peculiar
electric effect at the moment  she met my flood of sperm with so copious
a discharge that it literally spurted out and deluged my cods and
thighs  she held me tight  and would not allow me to withdraw until i
had myself spent four times and she seven at least  we then rose  her
nerves calmed by the repeated doses of hot boiling sperm shot into her
interior  she declared that never in all her fucking had she felt such
insatiable desire  or more ravishing delight in satisfying it  that she
would undergo a dozen such floggings to have the same rapturous
enjoyment 

 i am sure   she said   it was all the effect of the rod  i never felt
anything like it before  

mary all this time had been but a spectator  and a pleased one to see
the erotic fury of her sister and my powerful efforts to allay it  it is
true we had both had a delicious fuck during the time poor lizzie was
catching it on her backside  and i had just gamahuched her deliciously
afterwards as lizzie came in in such pain 

miss frankland had retired to her room  and looked still flushed and
somewhat wild looking when she joined us after the usual hour s
recreation  as may well be supposed  we were all as attentive as
possible  there was one circumstance that evidently pleased miss
frankland immensely  when lizzie  in her turn  went up to repeat her
lesson  she suddenly threw her arms round miss frankland s neck  and
with tears running over her cheeks  sobbed out 

 dear miss frankland  pray forgive me  and let me kiss you  for i love
you dearly  

there was a bright sparkle of delight in miss frankland s eyes  she
clasped lizzie round the waist  and drew her to her lips in a long sweet
kiss of love  which seemed as if it would never end  we observed miss
frankland s colour rise  she at last put lizzie away  and said she was a
dear amiable girl  whom she could not help loving 

 go to your seat  you are too agitated  my dear  to say your lesson just
now  so send mary up  

lizzie came back to her seat  but i could not help fancying i saw a
complete expression of erotic desire on her countenance  when afterwards
we were alone together  she told us that when the governess kissed her 
she felt miss f  s tongue glide into her mouth  and  tip her the velvet 
in a most delicious and exciting manner  and she believed that if they
had been alone they must have given each other mutual embraces of a
warmer description  this led me to think that miss frankland was herself
rendered lecherous by the action of even wielding the rod  lizzie during
the whole of the next week did nothing but rave of the excessive
excitement that her whipping had put her into  and the extreme felicity
she felt in having her salacious lechery satisfied  we were not able to
meet every day  for frequently miss frankland accompanied us  and joined
in the youthful sports we then gave way to  lizzie continuing to harp on
the extraordinary enjoyment the whipping had procured her  after it was
over  fired the imagination of mary  until she was wound up to a pitch
of actually longing to be whipped  in such a case it was easy to incur
the penalty  she had but wilfully to neglect her studies  and she was
sure to get it  this she accordingly did  and it resulted as before 
when released  she rushed to the summer house  and without any
preliminaries  called upon me to fuck her directly  and a very similar
scene followed to that which had occurred when dear lizzie was whipped 
mary did not  however  give way to the uncontrollable desire to throw
herself into miss frankland s arms as lizzie had done  miss f   as
usual  retired to her room after the punishment was over  and was late
in coming down  with the same flushed face and excited eye  i became
convinced that she herself was salaciously excited by the act  and i
began to fancy that with such passions  if i could but excite her in any
way  it might be worth my while  when once these lecherous ideas were
raised in my imagination  desire soon painted her with every charm of
beauty  and i became excessively lewd and anxious to possess her  the
more i looked at and scanned the really beauteous proportions of her
finely developed form  the more my determination to have her took root 
and grew strong within me 

about this time miss frankland  who had become a great favourite with
mamma  obtained permission to take possession of the spare bedroom  with
an understanding that she was to cede it to any visitor who might come 
of course  this circumstance made my desire to get into her good graces
doubly strong  inasmuch as the opportunity of sleeping with her
afterwards could be so easily effected  i determined to watch her when
retiring to bed  and try to get a view of her naked form  for this
purpose i removed the stopping of moistened bread i had put in the hole
i made to see mr  benson fucking his wife  i lay awake  until she came
to bed  i saw her undress  but only caught sight of her naked bubbies 
over her chemise  as i have said  they were not large  but widely
separated  with a fine flat neck up to the throat  i mean that she
showed no collar bone  which is a great beauty in woman  she had
evidently been quite naked  and had used the bidet  but the extent of
the slit in the door did not allow me to command the part of the room
where she had used it  i remedied this defect next day  and the
following night was rewarded with a most glorious sight  you may well
suppose that i did not let sleep overcome me  but was at my post as soon
as ever i heard her enter her room  i was on my knees in a moment  at my
peephole  and saw her deliberately undress to her chemise  she then
arranged all her magnificent head of hair  brushing it out as far and
further than her arms would extend  and after well brushing and combing
it  she plaited and rolled it up  in a great big rouleau behind  then
washing her hands  she drew out the bidet  poured water into it  and
then divested herself of her shift  she was standing in front of the
dressing table  with two candles shining on her  so that when she lifted
her shift over her head  i had a well lighted full view of her
wonderfully covered belly  she was all over hair  it was as black as
coal  and shone as if polished in all its beautiful curls  i am now an
old man  but never have i seen the equal to that dear woman in a hairy
belly  it was quite up to her navel  and several inches down the inside
of her thighs  besides running thickly in the chinks of her bottom  and
with two bunches where the beautiful back dimple is usually situated  as
thick  and even thicker than ordinary women have in on their mounts  in
addition to this  there was a beautiful little line of curls that ran up
her belly  as far as between her bubbies  to say nothing of the very
hairy thighs  legs  and arms  i never saw a more deliciously hairy
woman  and she was all that such excessive growth of hair
denoted passionate and lecherous to a degree  when once she had
confidence in her companion  to let her feelings have vent  of course  i
am now describing my after experience  at the moment i was only dazzled
by the extraordinary richness and quantity of that exquisite
ornament hair not only in splendid quantity on the head  but in a
profusion such as i had never then and have not since witnessed  i was
struck dumb with astonishment and admiration  she laved her hairy cunt 
and all the adjacent parts  then wiped herself dry  put on her
nightgown  extinguished her light  and  of course  got into bed  so did
i but only to toss and tumble  and at last  in troubled sleep  to dream
of that most gloriously covered cunt  and to imagine myself revelling
therein  so great was my excitement that i had the first wet dream i
ever experienced  it is needless to say  it was under the dreaming idea
that i was enjoying to the utmost that wonder cunt 

i was quite exhausted by morning with such a restless night  and was not
only very  distrait   but was really so fatigued that i could not attend
to my lessons  of course miss frankland noticed this  and being unaware
of the cause  attributed it to wilful idleness and bravado of her
authority  she spoke very gravely and seriously to me  and told me if i
did not improve my conduct by next day it would be her painful duty to
punish me with severity 

 i expect to see you exhibit very different conduct tomorrow  otherwise
you will drive me to do that which i would much rather not  

it rained hard that afternoon  and we had to amuse ourselves within
doors  on retiring for the night  i determined to watch again for miss
frankland  but my want of rest the previous night overpowered me  and i
fell fast asleep until far in the night  i rose and crept to my
peephole  but all was dark  i could hear miss frankland breathing
heavily  the thought at once struck me that i might safely steal up to
my sisters  room  as they were now alone  since miss f  had the previous
night removed to the spare bedroom  where she was now fast asleep  so
softly opening my door  and leaving it ajar  i crept along the passage 
gained my sisters  room  and gently awakening them  jumped in between
them  to their great joy and satisfaction  we immediately began with a
gamahuche  i taking mary s cunt  while lizzie crossed her legs over her
head  and was gamahuched by mary  whose finger was at the same time
acting  postilion  to her charming bottom hole  while i had the
exquisite prospect before me of their operations  as soon as ever mary
spent i made lizzie lie down on her back  with her head towards the
bottom of the bed  mary knelt over her in the opposite direction 
presenting her very full backside  which was daily developing larger
proportions  i plunged into her cunt  plugging her little rosy bum hole
at the same time with my middle finger  while lizzie did as much for me 
at the same time rubbing mary s clitoris with the fleshy end of the
thumb  while mary  at the same time she herself was fucked and frigged
in two places  was employed in gamahuching lizzie  and frigging her
bottom hole with two fingers  lizzie declaring that one finger felt as
nothing  we lengthened out our delicious proceedings until excess of
excitement compelled us to give way to all the fury of our feelings  and
we managed to spend all together with such rapturous and lascivious
delight as rendered us quite powerless for some time  we then had a
delicious cuddle  the girls having each one hand on my prick and the
other on my buttocks  when we had once more worked ourselves up to
fucking heat  we reversed the previous position  and i fucked lizzie 
mary was gamahuched and bottom fingered by lizzie  while she employed
herself with lizzie s clitoris and my bum hole  lizzie was far hotter
and more salacious than any of us  and spent copiously on my delighted
prick  which enjoyed excessively the warm bath of glutinous liquid that
was poured down upon it  i gave a few slow drawn thrusts in and out  to
moisten well its whole shaft  and removing my two fingers from her
delicious bottom hole  and wetting it with my saliva  i withdrew my
prick from the reeking sheath of her cunt  and to her great delight
slowly housed it in her longing and exquisitely delicious bottom hole 
keeping it quiet there for some time  so as not to spend before lizzie
was ready  i enjoyed the delicious throbbing of her body  which at last
becoming too exciting  i stooped over her  passed a hand under her
belly  replaced mary s fingers  rubbing her clitoris while mary frigged
her cunt with two fingers thrust into it  we thus quickly brought
matters to an end  and died off in all the ecstasies of satiated lust 
as daylight was beginning to dawn  i tore myself from their loving
embraces  gained my room in safety  and slept the sleep of the just
until late in the morning 

my orgie with my sisters had so far satisfied my animal passions that i
rather began to dread the severity i knew miss frankland would use if i
came under her hand  this made me so far attentive next day as to
satisfy her  and as it was a fine afternoon she came out to walk in the
garden  while we innocently amused ourselves  that evening i kept awake 
and again enjoyed the superb display of miss frankland s wonderfully
hairy cunt  all the lower part of her body was as black as a chimney
sweeper s  the sight awakened every lustful feeling within me  i felt i
must possess her  and determined to brave the severest infliction she
could give me with the rod  i somehow  instinctively  arrived at the
conclusion that this extraordinary profusion of hair could only grow
where nature had implanted the hottest animal passions  and had but to
greatly excite them to turn their lust to my advantage  i determined
that tomorrow i should bring things to a crisis  and that i might be
equal to every effort i went to my bed  and did not attempt to steal up
to my sisters  room  next day nothing could be made of me in the
morning  miss frankland sternly warned me that if such conduct was
pursued after dinner nothing should save my skin from a severe
scourging  however  my mind was made up  and i went in  for the whole
hog   as our vulgar yankee cousins say  i was more idle and
insubordinate than ever  miss f  looked thunder  at four o clock she
ordered me to stay  and the girls to go  she then locked the door  took
out from the desk a formidable rod  and told me to approach her  i did
so really half in fear  for she could look dreadfully fierce and
determined  in which case i came up to her side 

 now  charles   she said   your conduct  for two or three days past  has
been such as i cannot put up with  your mother has given me full power
to punish any of you severely  if i think you deserve it  you are
getting to be of an age that i hoped you would have so acted as to give
me no cause of offence  but i am sorry to see my hopes are disappointed 
i am now about to punish you  submit to it quietly  or it will be all
the worse for you  unbutton and put down your trousers  

i felt i must submit  but when brought to this point i really so much
dreaded her that there was not the slightest erection in poor cockey 

while i was undoing my trousers  i observed that miss frankland had
quite lifted up her outer frock  and had sat down  evidently intending
to flog me across her knee  both being ready  she told me to put the
footstool by her side and kneel upon it  then desiring me to bend
forward over her knees she put one hand over my body to hold me down 
then uncovering my bottom  and taking the rod  which was by her side 
she raised her arm and gave me a fearful cut  which made me not only
flinch  but cry out most lustily  blow followed blow  causing at first
great agony  that made me cry again in good earnest  then the very
continuance of the blows seemed to deaden the parts until i hardly felt
them  this was succeeded by a titillation and lascivious excitement
which speedily brought my prick out in the fullest vigour  i then began
to push it against miss frankland s thigh  and to wriggle myself nearly
off her knees  seemingly to prevent this  she passed her left arm quite
round my body  bringing her hand under my belly  and  apparently by
accident  against my prick  which she grasped  and i could feel her hand
pass both up and down it as if she was measuring its length and
thickness  continuing all the time to shower down blow after blow on my
devoted backside  as she held a firm grasp on my prick  i pretended to
be evading the blows  while in reality i was thrusting it in and out of
her hand with the utmost energy and excitement  which speedily brought
on the delightful crisis  and with a cry of rapture i gave down a
copious discharge into her hand  and sank almost senseless on her lap  i
pretended complete loss of consciousness  which she believing  she
gently felt  and even frigged a little  my prick  pressing me the while
close to her body  and then i felt a shudder run through her whole
frame  i have no doubt she was in a paroxysm of lust  and had spent  i
gave her time to recover a little  and then pretending to come to my
senses  but in a confused state of ideas  said 

 oh  what has happened  i have been in heaven  

then raising myself  and apparently only just recognising miss
frankland  i threw my arms round her neck  and exclaimed 

 dear miss frankland  do flog me again if it will produce again such
ecstasies as i never before experienced  

her face was flushed  her eye shone with all the fire of libidinous
passion  my prick had hardly lost its stiffness when i spent  and was
now projecting out firmer than ever 

 why  charles  i thought you a mere boy  while you are quite a man with
such a thing as this  

 oh   i cried   do continue to hold it  you give me such pleasure  

 has anyone else ever held it in this way  

 no  i never felt anything like it before  

 but don t you know what this is meant to do  

 oh  yes  it is what i piddle from  

she laughed  and asked if it was often in its present state of
stiffness 

 every morning when i awake it is so  and it hurts me very much until i
piddle  

 and has no one ever taught you any other use of it  

 no  what use can it be of  

 you dear innocent boy  if i could trust you  i would teach you a secret
that this dear thing would greatly enjoy  but can i trust you  

 oh  certainly  dear miss frankland  i know what you mean now  to repeat
the delicious sensations you gave me a few minutes ago  oh  do  do  do
it again  it was far too nice for me ever to tell anybody  as long as
you will do it for me  

 well  charles  i will trust you  do you know that women are differently
formed from you  

 yes  i used to sleep in mamma s room  and i have often been surprised
to see that she piddled from a long hole  and had not got a doodle like
i have to piddle from  

 my dear innocent charlie  that long hole was made to take in this dear
fellow here that is throbbing almost to bursting in my hand  and if you
promise me faithfully never to tell anyone  i will teach you how it is
done  

you may be sure my protestations of secrecy were most earnest 

 look here then  my dear boy  and see what i have got between my legs  

she laid herself back on the long chair  drew up her petticoats  and
exhibited to my charmed gaze the wondrous wealth of hair she possessed 
opening her legs  i saw the wide spread rosy lips showing themselves in
beautiful contrast to the coal black hair that grew in the greatest
profusion all round the lower lips  and extended also some five or six
inches down the side of each thigh  but what at the moment most
astonished me  and drew all my attention  was to see a deep red clitoris
standing out from the upper part of her cunt quite stiff  and as long
and as thick as the middle finger of a man  i very nearly betrayed
myself at the sight  but  fortunately  was able to keep up the character
of apparent ignorance i had hitherto shown  and said  you  also  have
got a little doodle to piddle with  

she laughed  and said 

 it is very different from yours  give me yours here  that i may kiss
it  

she fondled it for a second or two  and then could not resist the
impulse to take it into her mouth and suck it 

 oh  what pleasure  i shall die  

 not yet  dear boy  kneel down there  and i shall instruct you in the
real secret of pleasure  

but  before she could do anything  i threw my head down  crying out 

 i must give this pretty little fellow a taste of the pleasure you have
just given mine  

and in an instant i had the delicious thing up to the root in my mouth 
sucking furiously at it  her twistings  and up and down action of her
loins  showed how rapturously i was exciting her  in fact  i brought on
the crisis  when she pressed my head down hard upon it  and closed her
thighs on each side of my head  as she poured over my chin and breast a
perfect torrent of sperm  a minute after she seized my arms  and drew me
up on her belly  then slipping her hand down between us  she seized my
prick and guided him  nothing loath  into her burning hot and foaming
cunt  she placed her hands on my buttocks  and pressing me right up to
the hilt  began a movement which she told me how to second  that in a
very short time brought down an exquisite spend from me  the idea that
she was giving me the first lesson in love  and of being the first
possessor of my person  seemed to excite her lust to the utmost  and she
immediately followed my discharge with another  so copious that it
spurted all over my thighs  her force of pressure on my prick in her
agonies of enjoyment was so great as nearly to hurt me  i never knew
anyone but her with such strength of pressure of cunt on the prick  she
has often actually brought tears into my eyes  so powerful was her grip
that it made me really feel as if in a vice  she lay back with closed
eyes and panting bosom in a rapturous trance of lascivious lubricity 
her throbbing cunt holding me tightly pressed between its palpitating
folds in the most delicious imprisonment  and from time to time grasping
my prick with a pressure that very shortly restored it to its fullest
vigour and stiffness  she was as hot as fire and responded immediately
to the renewed life she found stirring within me  she gave way to her
salacious lust with  if anything  a more passionate excess than the
first time  my superb weapon seemed to stir up within her a force of
lubricity that nothing could seem to satisfy  her hands clutched my
buttocks convulsively  and seemed to wish to force my whole body into
her wildly excited cunt  with such vigour was the action carried on that
the grand crisis soon arrived  most rapturous to both  and almost
maddening to miss frankland  the heavings of her body and gaspings for
breath were quite hysterical  while  with one of those real vice like
pressures  i felt as if she were nipping my prick in two  it was not a
mere throbbing pressure  but a long continued convulsive squeeze  as if
her cunt had been seized like the jaws of the mouth with lock jaw  and
could not open  it was nearly ten minutes before she recovered her
senses  she seized my head between her hands  kissed me most lovingly 
declared i was the dearest creature that ever lived  that she had never
before had anyone who had so satisfied her  and filled her with
inexpressible rapture   c  this fondling had again brought up my prick
to full stand  miss frankland said 

 dear charlie  we must be prudent  as the time is drawing near for your
sisters  return  

but there was no stopping  the exquisite pleasure of her splendid
interior cunt pressures was irresistible  my movements speedily
determined matters in my favour  miss frankland s temperament was far
too warm not to quickly set her passions to the highest fucking heat 
and again we had a most exquisite fuck  lengthened out more luxuriously
by the more urgent fires of desire having been moderated by the three
previous discharges  with more abandon we both sank in the death like
ecstasies of the delicious melting away in all the luxury of contented
and voluptuous discharges  miss frankland lay for some short time
luxuriously closing in my delighted prick  but raising her body  she
said 

 charles  we must cease for the present  

and  pushing me away  i was forced to withdraw  but her dear cunt seemed
as reluctant as myself  and held my prick so tight that i had to pull
hard to draw it out  and  at last  he left with a noise like drawing a
cork from a well corked bottle  before i rose  or she could hinder me  i
threw myself down and glued my lips to her reeking cunt  and greedily
licked up the foaming sperm that had surged out of her well gorged quim 
she with difficulty drew away her body  but as i rose she clasped me to
her bosom and kissed me most fervently  and licked her own sperm off my
richly covered lips  begging me to button up  and putting herself to
rights  she desired me to sit down by her side  she wiped my mouth with
her handkerchief  arranged my disordered neck tie  collar  and hair  we
then embraced most tenderly  and she thanked me for the immense
gratification i had given her  she praised my parts as being of
extraordinary development and more satisfying than any she had yet had
any experience of  this was the second time she referred to other
experiences  i took no notice of this all the time  as if i was supposed
to be too ignorant or innocent to think any harm of it  but i determined
in some excess of passion to get her to give me a recital of some of her
previous experiences 

before my sisters came in  she said 

 i shall try and arrange some means for our meeting unobserved tomorrow 
meanwhile  you must sit as if you had been severely punished  and i
shall assert that you had done everything to resist my authority  for
which i had punished you further by not allowing you to leave the
schoolroom  

i said not a word to miss f  about the ease of meeting by merely opening
the door of communication between our rooms  i was afraid to make her
suspicious of a former use of it  but i determined  when she came to
bed  to rap at the door and beg her to open it  and i had no doubt she
would be as delighted as myself to find with what facility she could
indulge to the utmost every libidinous passion which her lascivious
nature could suggest  my sisters returned  and appeared disappointed
that i had not been able to join them  as they had anticipated a
glorious fuck or two each  after the whipping had excited me as it did
them  they told me afterwards they had been obliged to content
themselves with a double mutual gamahuche  but it did not make up for my
absence 

while they were all engaged after tea  i slipped up to miss frankland s
room to see that the key was in the lock of the door between our two
rooms  i opened it  oiled the hinges  and locked it again from her side 
i also  with a view to sometimes slipping up to my sisters  room  oiled
my own and their doors  hinges  and locks  as now that the ice was
broken with miss frankland  it would be necessary to be doubly careful
not to excite suspicion of my visits to my sisters  having finished
everything to my satisfaction  i joined them in the drawing room  and
while my sisters were playing duets on the piano to mamma  i challenged
miss frankland to a game of chess  she  of course  was a far superior
player to me  but our legs meeting under the chess table  her little
charming foot sought mine  rested on it  and pressed it from time to
time  this distraction of her ideas enabled me to win two games
successively  my mother sent the girls to bed  and told me to follow
their example  but as i did not wish to lie long waiting for miss
frankland s appearance in her bedroom  i pleaded for relaxation in the
hour of retiring  to enable miss frankland to regain her chance of
beating me  at the same time pressing her foot as a sign to her to
second my request  she took the hint  though she had no idea of the
object  mamma came near us to look over our game  this induced miss
frankland to play with more caution and thought  and she won three games
in succession  making her the final winner  mamma now said i must go to
bed  as it was very late for me  she still treated me as a child  i 
however  had gained my object in obtaining nearly two hours  delay in
going to bed  so that i had not long to wait before i heard miss
frankland enter her room  i determined to let her finish her toilet
before i called her attention to me  i watched through my peephole  and
could now calmly and leisurely see all the beauties of her
well developed form  and the rich wealth of hair she possessed  she went
through all her ablutions as usual  i observed she also used a syringe
to thoroughly purify the inside of her glorious cunt  when she had dried
herself  and was about to pull on her chemise  i rapped on the door of
communication  and in a loud whisper called her attention to me 

 are you there  charlie  

 yes  pray unlock the door and open it  that i may come to you  

she actually had not yet discovered that the door  locked and bolted on
her side  communicated with my bedroom  but her delight at the discovery
was greater than her surprise  i flew into her arms  and was hugged to
her bosom  and covered with kisses  but as my prick was in a bursting
state of erection  i drew her to the bed  upon which we both threw
ourselves  she on her back  and i above  and in an instant i was
engulphed up to the cods in her glorious and glowing cunt  and we ran an
eager course of rapturous thrustings  until nature could stand no more 
and we sank in all the delights of a most delicious mutual spend  i lay
soaking in bliss for some time  and after fondling each other  miss
frankland said  

 get up  dear charlie  and let us get into bed  

for we had been in too great haste to do otherwise than tumble on the
top to it  my charming bedfellow also rose for a necessary purpose 
which i had interrupted when i knocked at the door  she sat down on the
 pot de chambre   and a mighty rush of water followed  i cried 

 oh  do let me see you piddle from your beautiful fanny  

i still kept up my character of innocence  and used none but infantine
words in reference to our organs of generation 

she laughed  but pulled up her shift  and raised her thighs above the
pot  so advancing the light  i had the delicious sight of her
wide stretched cunt  pouring out a stream of piddle with great force 
her position brought out all the beauties of the vast wide spread mass
of black curly hair that thickly covered all the lower part of her
magnificent quim  ran down each thigh  up between her buttocks  and
opening out on her back  had two bunches just below the two beautiful
dimples that were so charmingly developed below her waist  there was as
much hair there as most women have on their mons veneris  her whole body
had fine straight silky hair on it  very thick on the shoulders  arms
and legs  with a beautiful creamy skin showing below  she was the
hairiest woman i ever saw  which  doubtless  arose from or was the cause
of her extraordinary lustful and luxurious temperament  the sight i was
indulging in brought out my pego in full bloom  as we both rose she saw
it sticking out under my shirt 

 off with all that  and let me gaze on your charming young perfections  

i did as she desired  begged her to do the same  and there she stood  in
all the glory of her superb form  we encircled each other s naked
bodies  and then turned each other round to gaze on all the exciting
charms displayed to each other 

 come  my darling boy  and let me kiss and fondle you all over  

she laid me on my back  reversed herself above me  and taking my prick
in her mouth  after first feeling it most gently  and praising its large
proportions  again declaring it was the finest she had ever seen  she
began to gamahuche me with a skill such as i had never before
experienced  and gave me the most exquisite and most luxurious delight 
for my part  seeing her wonderful clitoris  stiff standing out of the
bright red lips of her luscious cunt  i took it bodily into my mouth 
sucked it  and rolled my tongue about it  to the evident delight of my
salacious companion  her buttocks rose and fell  and the lips of her
cunt immediately before my eyes opened  or closely pressed the lips
together  showing the delicious nature of her enjoyment  i felt her put
her hand to my bottom and insert her finger  and begin frigging me
there  i let her see how it pleased me  she stopped a moment  to beg me
to do the same to her  anticipating my earnest desire to do so  i lost
no time in following her example  the parts adjacent were well
lubricated by our previous indulgence  and first inserting two fingers
into her deliciously juicy cunt to moisten them  i slipped one of them
into her charming bottom hole  and finding great ease of space  slipped
the second in as well  my other hand and arm embraced and caressed her
magnificent backside  which rose and fell on my face with unwearied
speed  as my finger frigged her bottom hole in unison with her
movements  and my mouth more closely sucked her stiffly excited
clitoris 

her whole body became convulsed with erotic movements  showing what
force of lubricity our mutual embracings were most rapturously exciting 
i  too  grew wild with desire  and was equally energetic in my
movements  and would have thrust my prick down her throat but for her
hand  which grasped the lower part of the shaft  the rapturous crisis
came at last and laid us prostrate with soul killing ecstasies  we each
retained the dear object of our mutual caresses within our lips and our
fingers remained within the delightful recesses that had so much
contributed to the excessive raptures we had enjoyed  we lay for some
time in this sweet languid enjoyment  miss frankland then rose from off
me  saying 

 my darling boy  we must now get into bed   we did so  quite naked as we
were  closely embracing  and covering each other with kisses and
caresses  murmuring soft terms of endearment  and in whispered accents
told of the ecstatic joys each had given the other  our hands wandered
over every charm  miss frankland had an art of gently passing her
fingers over my prick that had the instant effect of raising him into
the fullest vigour  it was the most exquisite method of feeling my cock
i ever experienced  she seemed scarcely to touch it  but drew her
fingers along its length  from foot to head  with a delicacy of touch i
have never found equalled by any other woman  the effect was magical 
and invariable  no matter how many times i might have fucked her before 
with her hot temperament  and excessive lubricity  it was almost a
necessary art  she was one of those libidinous natures that could well
employ several men at once  at my happy age  she found ready to her hand
one who could respond to her every desire in every way  so happily does
nature second youth and health that she never found me wanting  when
called on  there was no excess of lubricity we did not afterwards
practise  we satisfied our passions in every way in which they could be
indulged  nor did we hesitate at anything which imagination could fancy
would stimulate them  she was surprised at my aptitude  and rejoiced and
congratulated herself on having found so powerful and charming a
satisfier of her libidinous nature  how delighted she was to think she
was the first to cull the sweets of my innocence  and how happy to find
so apt a scholar  who in one sweet lesson became a master of the art 
the more i gained experience of the charming sex  the more i appreciated
the wisdom of the counsels of my really first and ever loved mistress 
dear  charming  lovely mrs  benson  how truly she had foretold that all
who might hereafter think that they were giving me the first lesson in
love would doubly  trebly  a hundred fold enjoy the sweet intercourse
from such self deception  here was my fiery miss frankland  who had had
considerable experience in the amatory world  pluming herself upon
instructing an innocent youth in all the mysteries of the passions for
the first time  it evidently added immensely to her excitement  indeed 
in our after conversation  she avowed that as it was the first time she
had ever taken the maidenhead of a youth  so it had been the greatest
degree of excitement she had ever experienced  i might fancy her delight
at finding combined with such a satisfaction a wonderfully well hung
youth  and who proved so apt  and so equal to every luxurious whim that
the most erotic lust could suggest  but i digress  at present  her magic
touch had brought me up to bursting point  she threw a leg over me  and
raising her body  said she would help herself this time  guiding my
prick to the wanton lips that were longing for him  she sank slowly down
on the stiff pole on which she was so delightedly impaling herself 
until our hairs were crushed beneath her weight  and nothing more could
be engulphed  she again rose  until the edge of the nut showed itself at
the mouth of her cunt  and then as slowly sheathed it again  she
continued this exquisite movement for some time  to our delicious mutual
enjoyment  then falling down on my belly  and telling me to pass my arm
round her bottom and finger her as before  she glued herself to my lips 
our tongues interlaced  and shot in and out of our luxurious mouths  our
movement grew fast and furious  until we again sank in all the luxury of
the last grand crisis  it was the very act of voluptuous rapture  and we
lay lost to every sense but that of erotic ecstasy and satisfied lust 
when we recovered our senses  she lay down by my side  cuddling me most
closely  and toying and prattling  until she thought we had paused long
enough  she slid her hand down to my prick  and very quickly  by her
delicious and delicate handling of it  renewed its full vigour  throwing
her right leg over me  while lying on her back  she heaved up her body
into a position half turned to my belly  i lying on my side  she then
bid me embrace her other thigh between mine  then guiding cockey to the
entrance  she gave a push backwards  to meet my forward thrust  when it
was instantly sheathed to the hilt 

 now  my darling boy  in this way we can lengthen out our pleasures as
long as we please  you can make me spend oftener than yourself  which
will satisfy my very lustful nature  and not over exhaust your young
powers  

giving one or two delicious side wriggles to her bottom  and nestling
her backside close to my belly  she told me to pass my left arm under
her waist that i might embrace her left bubby and finger its nipple 
a proceeding which she told me was as exciting as playing with her
clitoris then turning her head  our tongues interlaced  she put my
right hand down to her stiff projecting clitoris  which i continued
to frig just as i might have done to a boy s cock  keeping up a slow
in and out movement with my prick  excited by so many points of
lascivious friction  she spent most copiously before i was prepared to
join her  her head sank back in the ecstasy of her discharge  drawing
away from me  and leaving my mouth free  i instantly dropped it upon
her other firm and elastic bubby  at which i sucked away  pushing my
prick as far as possible into her cunt  and leaving it there  without
movement  to enjoy the rapture giving pressures of her delicious cunt 
slowly passing my hand up and down her still sufficiently indurated
clitoris  she lay for some time in the luxurious enjoyment of the
position  then once more sucking my lips  she thanked me over and
over again for the pleasure i had given her  heightened as it was by
knowing that it had not exhausted me  i began to move slowly in and
out  keeping up my movements at the other points of excitement  she
was ready on the instant to second me  and as she meant this time that
we should spend together she left nothing to desire  her movements
were of the most exciting and stimulating description  and we were not
long before the ecstatic moment arrived  and we sank in the lap of
luxury  pouring forth streams of ecstatic bliss  we lay close locked
in the most delicious embrace  only conscious of unutterable joy  it
was some time before we could venture to break this exquisite trance
of enjoyment  it was followed by the sweetest toyings and prattlings 
until again my delighted prick  stimulated by the internal pressures
of the luxurious sheath in which it had remained engulphed  again
awoke her scarce slumbering passions to dash on pleasure s heavenly
course  again she spent before me with  if anything  increased rapture 
and  after a pause  renewing her lascivious movements in response to
my own  we sank in a perfect death like swoon of thoroughly satiated
lust  and gradually and imperceptibly fell into the deepest slumber for
many hours  locked as we were in each other s arms  her wonderfully
retentive power of cunt held my happy prick a willing prisoner through
our long sleep  i awoke first  to find it standing stiff within the
charmed circle which even in her sleep was deliciously grasping it
with its nervous folds  i passed my hand down to her clitoris  and
began fucking her  she heaved her bottom up and down  and murmured some
incoherent words  being evidently still under the influence of sleep 
and probably dreaming of some former events  for in her half expressed
murmurings  i could make out something 

 henry my only ever loved one meet again oh  how ineffable how
exquisitely delicious  do push it in more faster beloved of my soul  

she clasped me with a hug  as if she would make but one body of us both 
and spent with a scream of agonized delight  pouring down and spurting
out a perfect torrent of boiling spunk all over my cods and thighs 

 dearest  beloved henry  it is too much   she uttered  and fainted away 

i lay quite still  and determined not to speak until she should come to
herself  it was evident her dreams had brought back some former loved
and happy man and no doubt the fact of my being in possession  in full
fuck  had made her believe in the reality of her sleeping thoughts  she
was quite a quarter of an hour before recovering her senses  daylight
had broken  and she looked round in a sort of alarm  and exclaimed 

 where am i  

then her eye catching my face 

 oh  my darling charlie  it is you  i have been dreaming of being far
away  and  i suppose  the fact of your dear weapon throbbing within me
made me think of former events  well  the dream had its pleasures  if
only in a dream  

 it was no dream  my dear miss frankland  or at least  only partially
so  as far as regarded your loved henry for that was the name you
applied to me  and most deliciously did you embrace me under the idea 
and die away in an excess of pleasure i quite envied  but you alarmed me
by really fainting afterwards  i am so pleased to have turned a mere
vision of the night into ecstatic reality  and i am not at all jealous
of your former lover  because had you not had any  you would  probably 
never have loved me  oh  no  i should never be jealous of you my dear
mistress  i would even like to see you in all the ecstasies of passion 
in the arms of another  provided that i should share in your delights  

she listened in an astonishment  acknowledged that she had imagined
herself in the arms of one she had greatly loved  and had thought the
whole affair was a dream  and was not conscious of its absolute reality
as to her being fucked 

 well  i must have mine now  feel how it is bursting for relief  

 yes  yes  the dear fellow  push him away  my charlie  and you will see 
i shall enjoy the real charlie quite as much as the dreamt of henry of
whom i shall some day speak to you  you are worthy of him and of me and
i fear i shall love you as i do him  far too dearly  

then lending herself to the work we were at  she did  indeed  exert all
her lascivious power  and we enjoyed such a fuck as seldom falls to
mortals here below  we lay prostrate and panting with satisfied lust 
until prompted by the urgency of natural wants we were both obliged to
rise and relieve ourselves  my darling mistress then used her bidet and
told me to lave my parts in the basin  as it was not only cool and
refreshing  but also reinvigorating  after which as it was now broad
daylight  she allowed me to pose her  and turn her in every position 
that i might admire and handle every part of her superb form  her bottom
was larger and harder than any i had yet seen  and  indeed  excepting
one  of which  dear reader you will presently hear something  it was
about the finest in form and size of any i ever met with  of course 
this handling was not effected without producing erotic excitement in
both parties  miss frankland had occupied herself as much with me as i
had done with her  and her beautifully large clitoris was showing its
head in full stand out from among the vast mass of bushy curls
surrounding it  i proposed we should have a mutual suck on the floor 
with her bottom to the light  that i might have a full view of all her
glorious parts  she humoured my fancy  and pulling a couple of pillows
off the bed to prop up my head  she stepped across my body  and kneeling
down  took my prick in her mouth  and brought her splendid backside and
lascivious cunt down to my face  i first glued my lips to the open cunt 
thrust my chin in  and then my tongue  as far as i could reach  licking
the luscious moisture which our previous handlings had excited  it was
as sweet and delicious as cream  this stimulated her very much  and she
closed the sides of her cunt upon my tongue so closely as to give it a
good squeeze  i never saw a woman but her  who had such a wonderful
power in that way  my nose actually felt it was reciprocating the
pressures of the cunt  so i changed the venue  and slipped my tongue
into her bottom hole  evidently to her excessive delight  but things
were approaching a crisis  and she cried to me to take her clitoris in
my mouth  and substitute fingers in both the other orifices  this i
quickly did  while she sucked and postillioned me  handling the root of
my prick  and my buttocks with the delicious gentle titillations in
which she had such skill  until  in an excess of joy  we both poured a
tribute of sperm into each other s mouths  and both greedily swallowed
it  after this we got into bed again  to have one loving cuddle before
parting  of course  it ended in raising such a storm of desire as a fuck
could only allay she said 

 my loved charlie  this must really be the last  

i told her it had so excited me to see her splendid bum before my eyes
when we were on the floor that i should like to kneel behind and put it
in that way  i really meant into her cunt  but she thought i meant her
bottom hole  and said 

 well  you are a strange boy  what on earth made you think you could put
that great big thing of yours into my bottom hole  but  to tell you the
truth  after being well fucked  i rather like it that way  so you shall
try  but you must be gentle in getting in  

i said   i did not know i could do it that way with my prick  i meant to
put it into your cunt from behind  but now  from what you say  i should
like to try what the other is like  

you see  i was keeping up my apparent ignorance  she turned on her face 
and keeping her head on the pillow  drew up her knees to her belly and
exposed to the greatest advantage her glorious backside  i knelt behind 
but previous to beginning  i glued my lips to the delicious orifice  and
shoved my tongue in as far as i could  and deliriously excited her  then
approaching my stiff standing prick  and thrusting it into her cunt up
to the roots two or three times  so as thoroughly to lubricate it  i
withdrew and placed it before the smaller temple of lust  then  by a
gentle uniform pressure  i gradually and almost imperceptibly glided in
to the utmost extent  she pushed her bottom out  and  i could feel  was
straining as if to void something  which is the real method to
accelerate the entrance of a prick in that enchanting channel with the
least difficulty and pain  we then commenced a slow movement she wanted
me to stoop forward and place my arm round her body  and frig her
clitoris  but i begged her to do it herself  and allow me the luxury of
looking on the delightful wriggling of her superb backside  and also the
sight of my own prick surging in and then withdrawing  she humoured me 
and we had a most exquisite fuck  her bottom hole had hardly so tight a
pressure as she could exercise with her cunt  but  nevertheless  it held
me in very firmly  and had a peculiar heat which was most exciting  we
both died off together  she so completely overcome with ecstatic delight
that her body sank flat on the bed  drawing me with her  without
unsheathing my weapon  we lay for a short period  she convulsively
shuddering from time to time with the intense degree of excitement this
delicious route had produced upon her  at last she begged me to rise and
relieve her  as we must now separate  i rose  she assisted me in my
ablutions  put on my nightshirt  conducted me to my bed  fondly kissed
and thanked me for the exquisite night of every species of delight i had
conferred upon her  promising a repetition the following night  she left
me and locked the door of communication  but previously unlocked mine 
in case i should oversleep myself 

thus ended the first delightful night i ever passed with that most
charming and deliciously lascivious woman the first of many scores that
followed  but in none of which were her raptures more intense  if as
much  she ever after dwelt on the night when she had been the happy
means of initiating me into all love s mysteries  for she never knew of
my previous experiences  and always plumed and prided herself on being
my first instructress 

the next day i was somewhat somnolent  of which you may be sure miss
frankland took no notice  she retired to her own room when we went for
our recreation  my sisters scolded me for not coming to them the
previous night  but i told them that miss f  had continued to move about
her room for so long a time that i had fallen fast asleep  and even then
had not had enough  as they might have observed how sleepy i had been
all day  however  to satisfy them  i gamahuched them both  and fucked
them both while each was giving the other a second gamahuche  so that
then each spent three times to my twice  i thus kept in my forces for
the renewed delights i anticipated at night  i went to bed early and
slept soundly at once  having no anxiety about keeping awake  feeling
certain that miss f  would awaken me as soon as she was ready to take me
to her arms  she came  and we passed another most delicious night of
every salacious and libidinous enjoyment  a third night followed  which
differed only in the lascivious proposition of miss frankland to
deflower my bottom hole with her wonderfully prominent and elongated
clitoris  little dreaming that there  too  she had been anticipated by
our loved and charming friend maccallum  she had  however  all the
imaginary pleasure of first possession  as you may well suppose  i did
not attempt in any way to enlighten her ignorance thereon  we had
gamahuched each other  i had fucked her twice in the cunt and once in
her bottom hole  when the fancy seized her to bugger me with her
clitoris  of course  i made no objection  on the contrary  sucking it up
to a proper stiffness  i placed myself on my hands and knees in the most
favourable position to satisfy her erotic fancy  she first slipped her
tongue into my bottom hole  then spit upon her clitoris  and then
anointed my aperture with the delicious slime of her well fucked cunt 
and then with the utmost ease pushed the dear thing up to its utmost
limits  i humoured her in every way  wriggling my bottom sideways  which
she declared was a vast improvement on her back and forward movements 
she passed her arm round my belly  and with that exquisitely delightful
touch on my prick for which she was so distinguished  she excited me to
the utmost  making my  sphincter ani  respond to the throbbings of my
exquisitely delighted prick  and equally exciting her lascivious
passions with the idea of first possession of that narrow abode of
voluptuousness  she could feel by the electric excitement of my prick
how near i was to spending  and quickening the action of hand and
clitoris  we both died away together in all the raptures that such an
extra exciting conjunction could produce 

several nights thus passed in the indulgence of every form of the most
lascivious enjoyment  we used to amuse our moments of relaxation in
trying who could suggest any new position or varied manner of effecting
the delicious junction of our bodies  on one occasion  recurring to the
state of excitement her flogging had thrown me into  i asked her  as if
i did not know the fact very well already  if the application of the rod
on the bottom of a woman  or the mere act of being flogged  at all
excited her sex  she told me both acted with great force on her erotic
nerves  she thought  from experience  that being whipped caused the
greatest excitement and produced the greatest longing to be fucked 

 then   said i   do you think it had erotically excited my sisters  

 certainly  especially your sister eliza  i do not know whether you
noticed her sudden impulse to embrace and kiss me after her return to
schoolwork the day i flogged her  that was a stray erotic impulse  and
had we been alone  i could not have avoided responding to it in a way
that would have delighted her  and initiated her into some of the
delicious mysteries of venery  nay  i think  but for my happy discovery
of your great and delightful merits  i should have sought for and found
an opportunity of being alone with that dear girl  for you must know we
can lasciviously embrace our own sex with immense mutual pleasure  and
although not equal to that which this noble fellow   taking hold of my
prick   inspires  is not without its merit  and even as a little variety
from time to time is very enticing  

 then  i suppose  you still have some hankerings after the virgin charms
of dear lizzie  

 i have  and what is more  i believe both mary s and her passions have
already developed themselves  i have sometimes fancied i heard
suppressed sighs and gentle movements going on in their beds  and i
shrewdly suspect they were practising masturbation on each other  i did
not interfere  and after what has passed between you and me  i will tell
you that i had a little plan in my head to let them proceed to such
lengths that when i chose to make the discovery they would be at my
mercy  i then could initiate them in every lascivious and voluptuous
delight that woman can have with woman  the happy discovery of your
excellences  and the perfect facility my change of room has given for
meeting without the slightest chance of discovery  has for the present
driven that idea out of my head  i am  however  indebted to it for the
change of room  as i asked for it solely to leave the two girls the
utmost liberty to indulge in their voluptuous mutual enjoyments  certain
that it would increase and give them every desire for the further
instruction i could impart to them  

 i suppose you would have fucked them with this dear stiff little
thing   said i 

 oh  yes  you darling  but you have so excited me talking about it  that
you must fuck me directly  

we indulged in a most exciting fuck  and when recovered from the
confusion of ideas the delightful crisis always produces  we resumed our
conversation on the interesting subject of my sisters  i observed that
she had not lately flogged them again 

 all your fault  i am now so satisfied with you that i no longer seek
for relief to pent up desires in that way  

 tell me  dear miss frankland  did flogging my sisters excite you much  

 it did  even to spending  but the fear of proceeding further with them
at that time rendered me ferocious  the very severity i used was as it
were in revenge for stopping short of other salacious embraces  but if
once i had gone so far as to make them partakers of my lubricity  i
should never have flogged them again so severely  but only to such a
gentle extent as would raise their passions to an uncomfortable pitch 
rendering them slaves to my burning lust  even now i have  from time to
time  a desire to do so  especially with dear eliza  as i think she had
far more of venereal lust in her nature than mary  you would not object 
dear charlie  

 not in the least  if you will only give me the voluptuous satisfaction
of hearing all the details from your lips afterwards  it would stimulate
us both to additional raptures  and spur our desires to renewed
combats  

 i don t think it wants much to do that  your glorious prick is as hard
as iron  

 it was the lascivious idea of your enjoying lizzie that made it get up 
but i must fuck you again or it will burst  

 i  too  my dear boy  am inflamed at the idea  put it in behind this
time  i have a great letch in that way at this moment  

i did as i was directed  and so great was the agony of delight when we
died away that she sank on the bed dragging me after her  and we lay
almost insensible  soaking in bliss for quite half an hour  we did not
again renew our conversation that night  but i determined to push her
forward to carry out her idea  and also to give lizzie a hint to second
her wishes in every way  without giving her any idea of what had passed
between lizzie and me  and being equally reserved as to my nightly
connection with miss frankland 

the following night we passed again in all the amatory delights we could
imagine  after our deep midnight sleep  which always took place locked
in each other s arms  and poor cockey held firm as if in a vice  i awoke
her first  and found my prick stiff standing in her cunt  which was
involuntarily pressing it in the delicious interior folds  i began
moving gently  until she was so excited as to quite wake up  when she
joined me in all the raptures of a delicious and voluptuous fresh
morning fuck  we then rose to satisfy natural wants  and cool our
excited nerves by a copious ablution  as we were returning to bed  i
observed that miss frankland took something out of her wardrobe wrapped
up in a handkerchief  and placed it under her pillow with a certain air
of mystery  i said nothing  after purifying ourselves we always indulged
in a voluptuous gamahuche  after which miss frankland generally asked 
as a favour  that i should finish off  in culo   i loved her delicious
bottom hole too dearly ever to refuse  she placed herself as usual on
her knees  thighs well drawn up  and head down  so as to make the most
of her glorious backside  after i had followed the usual preamble of
thrusting in and out of her luscious and juicy cunt so as to lubricate
my prick well  i then introduced it  always with the slow and gradual
pressure  until it was sheathed to the hilt  when we generally paused
some minutes to reciprocate mutual throbs and pressures  in this
lascivious pause i saw her hand steal under the pillow  and draw out the
handkerchief and put it under her belly  i shortly found a considerable
substance entering her cunt  and making my quarters still more tight and
narrow  i began to move  and found the substance in the other entrance
keeping time to my movements  i had a tight hold of her projecting
clitoris  which i had frigged up to a stiff standing point  i slipped my
hand down and found she was dildoing herself with what proved to be a
very handsome dildo  in not very formidable proportions 

 that s right  my darling   i cried   why did you not do it openly  you
ought to know that my greatest wish is for you to enjoy these salacious
meetings in every possible voluptuous manner  frig on then  my beloved 
and be sure that if it adds to your delight it adds to mine  

 thank you  my darling charlie  shove away  i am in the seventh heaven
of delight in having as good as two pricks working in me at once  

she would have explained more  but her words were cut short by the
ecstasies the double fuck produced  and she spent copiously before me 
on finding which i held back  and was rewarded by making her spend
eventually with the utmost excess of delight twice to my once  by this
time it was broad daylight  and too late in the morning to enter into
any conversation on the new partner in our amatory combats  which was
reserved for the next meeting 

this did not occur so soon as we expected  for that day miss frankland s
flowers declared themselves  it was a fortunate thing for me that she
had them at the period of the new moon  and as mary had them at the
full  it enabled me to dedicate a night or two to my beloved sisters 
who considered i had been neglecting them of late  i said i had not felt
very well  and that i began to think that our excessive fucking was
becoming too much for me  that they must remember i was one to two  and
i felt if i continued to overexert myself i should break down and fail
altogether 

 that would never do  dear charlie  and it is very true you do twice our
work and more  because we don t pour down such a torrent as you do when
we spend  you must take care of yourself  we will not be so exacting in
future  but cool ourselves first by a mutual gamahuche between lizzie
and me  

i thus arranged a certain amount of cessation of fucking in that quarter
that i might dedicate the more to the far more exciting powers of the
delicious and salacious miss frankland 

i had always remained in my own bed until i heard her heavy breathing 
denoting that she slept  before i dared to leave my own room to go to my
sisters  the desire of racking me off  as dear charming mrs  benson used
to call it  might have seized her  and my absence would have discovered
all 

however  she had  no doubt  considered that it would be all to her
advantage that i should be left perfectly quiet to recruit my system 
after the heavy drain on my amatory resources which she had kept up for
the previous fortnight  she never sought in any way to excite me until a
day and a night after the cessation of her menses  she told me it was
much better to have done with it entirely at once  rather than by erotic
excitement keep up the discharge for a week or more 

 and it is not  my dear charlie  from any want of randy lust on my part 
for  especially at first  there is an extreme desire to be well laboured
by the biggest prick one could find in existence  the natural irritation
of the parts seem to be increased by the way in which the sensual system
is affected in that quarter  former experience has taught me that it is
much better to bear this  than by seeking for erotic excitement to keep
up the natural discharge for twice as long as it would otherwise endure 
besides which  there would have been a danger of affecting your dear
health  sometimes conjunctions  at such a period  produce a urethral
irritation very prejudicial to a man  and such as might deprive me of
the delight of your embraces for some weeks  so you see  my own beloved
boy  that in every way it is prudent to avoid any amorous excitement at
such a period  however hard nature may press for venereal relief  some
women hazard all this  and for a momentary gratification  run risks
perfectly unwarrantable  not only for themselves  but above all for
their lovers  i  too  my darling  have had my day of imprudence  and
knowing the result  i should be both cruel and stupidly insensate to let
you run the risk of what already occurred  

as she recounted those sage counsels  i could not but remember my loved
mrs  benson  whose advice had been of such service to me  and here was
another loved mistress instructing me in further matters connected with
the sex  it certainly was a stroke of great good fortune for me to have
met at so early an age two such admirable women  not only most amorous
and lascivious  but instructing me in the real knowledge of their sex 
and the world  at the very time that they were indulging my every
lascivious desire  as well as their own  mistresses of their art  no
mystery in love s catalogue of excitements  and of means of gratifying
the same  was unknown to them  but they knew  too  how to inculcate
wisdom for future conduct  i owe every amatory success of my after life
to the admirable teachings of these two charming and estimable women 

the next night  after we had sacrificed sufficiently often to venus to
enable us more calmly to resume the delightful discussion on the various
ways of pampering and exciting the passions  i turned the conversation
on flogging  for to take you  dear reader  into my confidence  i was
seized with an uncontrollable letch to flog the superb bottom of my
loved mistress  i had often seen it palpitating under the vigorous
attacks of my stiff standing pego  while belabouring either of the
delicious entrances to the temples of lust  i had often given her
glorious bottom good sound slaps of the hand  but i longed to apply to
it in earnest a good birch rod  see it flush to a raw meat hue  and then
to shove my prick with the utmost force into either or both of the
delicious orifices  i thought the best way of arriving at this desired
object was to recur to her own description of a less severe flogging
exciting the passions with pain  and as she had also admitted that it
excited her equally to be flogger or flogee  i proposed that she should
exercise a gentle discipline on my bottom  to try its efficacy  she
jumped at the idea  but there was no rod in her room  perforce the
ceremony was put off until the next night  on that occasion  she advised
me first to indulge in every excess of lubricity  and when nature should
begin to flag  then the real efficacy of the rod would be experienced 
she aided me with the utmost skill in every act of most voluptuous and
luxurious venery  and we mutually poured down six tributes to our
blessed mother venus  with very little cessation  for we both wished to
feel somewhat exhausted  before trying the effects of the birching
system  we lay quiet for a short time  and then dear miss frankland
began exciting me  but only in an ordinary way  my prick had already
been too well satiated with the previous encounters to respond at once
to the calls made on it 

 ah   said she  in her sweetest way   i see we want the rod here 
prepare yourself  sir  and take care to make no resistance  or it will
be the worse for your bottom  

following her cue  i began to implore pity  to promise i would behave
better in short time  etc   etc  but she was inexorable  and ordered me
to lie across her knees  then  taking me round the waist  she gave a
smart cut or two  really sharp  that made me for the moment wince 

 take care  sir  you are resisting  and you know your punishment will be
severe  if you so continue  

 forgive me  mistress dear  and i will never do so again  

 we shall see  

cut three  sharp  though not so severe  i did not flinch   ah  that is
something like a good boy  now we shall have no difficulty  

she began a series of less and less severe blows  until it ended in a
gentle irritable titillation which very shortly began to show its
effects by the stiffness of my pego fiercely shoving against the naked
thigh of my loved castigator  who  passing a hand round my body  laid
hold of it  delighted to find how efficacious her proceedings had been 
pretending to be quite exhausted  she sank back on the bed  and said she
could do no more  i sprang upon her  and we had two more  coups  without
withdrawing  with the greatest excess of voluptuousness  it was now my
turn  and as she let me slip out of her delicious cunt  i took that up
as a cause of dissatisfaction 

 what  you naughty girl   i cried   is that the way you treat your
master  bundling him out of his room in that manner  here  give me the
rod  i must make your bottom pay for your ill conduct here  kneel on
this footstool  and lay your body over my thighs  no resistance  or it
will be the worse for you  

 oh  pray  sir  do forgive me this time   and she knelt at my side  and
pretended to cry  i forced her down  and she presented her glorious
backside  in all its splendour of rotundity and size  before my
delighted gaze  i seized her round the waist  and first gloated my sight
with all the full and lascivious charms  not only displayed  but in my
power  and i armed with a splendid rod  i gave her two or three sharp
cuts  which made her beauteous buttocks wriggle  but called forth no
remonstrances  but as i continued  in all the rage of lust the exercise
excited  to flog away most severely  she begged me to be somewhat more
gentle  but i flogged on with increased vigour  until she began to
writhe under the severity of the punishment i was inflicting  she
struggled fiercely  at last  to be free  but she was completely in my
power  and i did not spare her until i saw that  changing from severe
pain  her feelings were turning to a storm of lechery and lust  she
became frantic with excitement  and screamed out 

 cease  darling charlie  and fuck me directly  i am dying for it  

i threw down the rod  jumped on the bed  and drew up her loins  so that
she was placed in a kneeling position  she herself seized my bursting
prick  and carried it to the lips of her cunt  where he instantly
engulphed himself to the hilt  her movements became lascivious beyond
expression  and were urged with a vigour  which brought down in a very
short time a torrent of sperm from both of us  we were too much excited
to stop short  and almost without a pause  a second course was run still
more voluptuously  she was not even then satisfied  but making me lie on
my back  she reversed herself upon me  and we commenced a mutual
gamahuche  i succeeded in making her spend again  and she was able to
bring my pego up to a standing point 

 now  charlie  dear  we must finish off behind  

so getting again on her hands and knees  she guided my willing prick to
the narrower abode of felicity  after first steeping it for a moment in
the moisture of her foaming and reeking cunt  i thrust it into her
bottom hole  i seized hold of her clitoris  she had her dildo all ready 
and working it herself with one hand  we ran a last course of most
lustful and lecherous enjoyment  which ended in such killing raptures
that we both sank all but insensible on the bed  exhausted as we were by
the wild excesses we had indulged in  we fell  without moving or
regaining our senses  into a deep and profound slumber  until almost too
late in the morning  so that i had to regain my room the moment we
awoke  without attempting any further amorous toyings  thus ended my
first experiences as a flogger  the sensation was so new  and the
temptation to lay on with a vengeance was so great  that i had gone
beyond all reasonable bounds in inflicting such a severe punishment on
the glorious bum of my beloved miss frankland  i must  however  do her
the justice to say that she comprehended and excused the feelings under
which i acted  only begging me  on any future occasion not to let them
carry me away so far as they had done on this  we several times renewed
this bum flogging  but with more moderate inflictions sufficient to
highly excite without actually punishing the patient  whichever of us it
might be 

we often after this made flogging the theme of our discussions  and i
gradually led on to the idea she had expressed of lizzie s evidently
amorous disposition  she still affirmed that such was her conviction  i
then suggested that it would be worth her while to try and gratify it 
as well for lizzie s sake as for the satisfaction of her own letch in
that way 

 i suppose you could easily find a pretext if you desired to do so  

 yes  easily enough  the idea excites me  and i shall indulge it  

i do not remember what the pretext was  but lizzie was kept in next
afternoon at four o clock mary and i proceeded to the summer house  i
knew we should not be interrupted by lizzie  and that i need not hold in
for her satisfaction  so i gave mary all the benefit of our being alone 
and we had four most exquisite and refined indulgencies in every
attitude admitted of by the legitimate entrance to love s temple  for 
as yet  i had never been able to gain an entrance to the narrower
orifice  which was too small for my formidable weapon to penetrate  it
is odd how easily lizzie accommodated me in her delicious bottom hole 
while mary  older and more womanly in form  was as yet unable to make
room for me in that strait path of bliss  when night came i was all
curiosity to know how my dear mistress had carried on matters with
lizzie  she told me that lizzie had been somewhat nervous at first  but
she had spoken kindly to her  told her how her amiable and loving
conduct after her first whipping had won her affection  that she did not
mean to be so severe as on the former occasion  but that discipline must
be kept up 

 so come  my dear girl  drop off your frock  as i shall mine  that the
bundle of clothes may be out of the way  as well as to avoid their being
creased  

seeing that lizzie still trembled a little after she had dropped her
gown  she took her in her arms  and kissing her lovingly  desired her
not to be afraid she would not punish her much 

 lift up all your things  my dear  and let me see if any marks of the
former punishment remain  

lizzie had a very prominent and very promising bottom  miss frankland
felt it all over  and admired loudly its form and firmness  declaring it
was quite beautiful to look at  and how womanly it was growing 

 turn round  and let me see if you are as womanly in front  upon my
word  a well formed mount with a charming mossy covering  

her hand wandering over her form excited lizzie  whose face flushed and
eyes glistened with rising desires  miss frankland herself became moved 
but proceeded at once to lay her across her lap  and began with gentle
switches  just sufficiently sharp to attract the blood in that
direction  which  of course  acted with double force on all the already
excited erotic organs  and lizzie began to wriggle her bum in all the
lasciviousness of lust under the excited gaze of miss frankland  who 
seeing how matters were going on in her favour  increased the force of
her blows  but only sufficiently to still more lecherously excite her
patient until  driven to an excess of lust  she cried out 

 oh  my loved miss frankland  i am dying with pleasure  do embrace and
caress me  

miss frankland lifted her up  and drew her to her bosom and lips  and 
while sucking her tongue  slipped her hand down and found lizzie s quim
wet with her flowing spunk  and her little clitoris stiff with the
erotic passion that was consuming her  she frigged her until she spent
again  while their tongues were in each other s mouth  as lizzie spent 
miss f  shoved a finger up her cunt  which  of course  met with no
resistance  but as lizzie possessed in perfection the art of nipping 
she was sufficiently tight to leave a doubt of anything but
finger fucking 

 ah  you little puss  you have been playing with this before now  tell
me the truth  

 i will tell you everything  if you will only play with me again  ever
since you flogged mary and myself  we have both been so often burning
down there  and have found out that feeling it  and pushing fingers in 
was so nice  although at first we often hurt ourselves  but you do it so
much better than mary oh  do  do it again  dear miss frankland  

 i shall do it much better  my darling  with what i have got down
there look here  

and  lifting up her petticoat and chemise  she exposed  to the absolute
astonishment of lizzie  her extraordinary mass of hair  and her fiery
red clitoris glowing and sticking out of its black mass of curls 

 how beautiful   cried lizzie   i declare  you have got a doodle  for
which i have been so longing  i must kiss it  

stooping down  she took it in her mouth  and sucked it 

 stop  dear lizzie  we shall both enjoy it  

taking the cushion from the chair  she lay down on her back on the
floor  telling lizzie to turn her face the other way  and to kneel down
across her body  so that both their mouths could adapt themselves to
each other s quim 

lizzie told me afterwards that she took care to show no previous
knowledge  but to let miss frankland apparently initiate her into all
the ceremonies of gamahuching 

miss frankland glued her lips to dear lizzie s charming quim  while
lizzie took her extraordinary clitoris into her mouth  after a few
ardent caresses miss frankland pushed a finger up lizzie s bottom hole 
then paused an instant to tell lizzie not only to follow her example in
that respect  but to use her other hand in her quim while sucking her
clitoris  then  both adapting themselves as prescribed  they gamahuched
on  until both could no longer move from the excessive raptures produced
by their profuse discharge  after this first bout lizzie became curious
to see all the wonderful hair covered organ and limbs of miss frankland 
who gratified her to the utmost extent of her wishes  nor did she leave
this inspection entirely to lizzie  but reciprocated it  undoing her
dress above  she uncovered the charming budding beauties of lizzie s
bubbies  and began sucking the nipples  their mutual caresses and
handlings very quickly refired these hot and lecherous women  after a
little renewed gamahuching  until both were wild with excitement  miss
frankland proposed to put her clitoris into lizzie s quim  told her to
kneel down  and kneeling behind her  she sheathed it with ease in the
hot and juicy folds of lizzie s beautiful cunt  passing her hand under
lizzie s belly  she frigged her clitoris until again nature gave down
her delicious tribute  and they sank in all the voluptuous languor that
follows  a third time they renewed their salacious and lascivious
raptures  then resumed their dresses so as to be ready to receive us 
miss frankland begged lizzie to keep her counsel and not reveal  even to
mary  what had passed  but lizzie urged miss f  to admit mary into the
new mysteries she had just herself been taught  and said she could
assure her that mary had a far more beautiful body than hers  and would
like it quite as well as she did 

 well  my dear  i shall think of it  and find an occasion to flog her 
as i have done you  

 oh  that will be jolly   cried lizzie   she will like it just as much
as i do  it is so nice  you must flog me every day  dear miss frankland 
i loved you from the first  i adore you now  

they embraced most lovingly  but our return put an end for the present
to any further conversation 

these details were accompanied and interrupted by two or three delicious
and most voluptuous fucks  without once withdrawing my burning prick
from her equally heated and throbbing cunt for her description of these
proceedings was most exciting  when she had finished  i withdrew  that
we might gamahuche each other  and lick up all the delicious spunk in
which her juicy cunt abounded  we then renewed our combats  sacrificing
to holy mother venus in both orifices  then we slept as only
easy conscienced people like ourselves could sleep  and  like giants
refreshed by slumber  renewed our devotions on every altar before
separating in the morning 

two days later mary was initiated by miss frankland in a like manner to
lizzie  while lizzie and i made the most of our time in the summer
house  excited by her naive description of her scene with miss
frankland  we indulged in every salacious device that we could cram into
the hour s absence  which  by the way  we lengthened out by more than a
quarter of an hour  for which miss frankland thanked me at night  her
scene with mary had been one of even greater lubricity  in consequence
of mary at once lending herself to everything  and acknowledging that
she knew from lizzie what she had to expect  besides  mary s more
developed form and something about her greatly excited miss f   and she
was quite amorous upon her  she had done so much in the way of spending 
that after i had gamahuched and fucked her two entrances three times 
she required the stimulus of the rod to bring her up to the highest
point of lascivious lubricity  and  to tell the truth  i afterwards
required and received it myself  thus our voluptuous passions acted one
on the other  and we passed an exhausting night in every excess and
refinement of venery  in which miss frankland s dildoes  for she had
two  of different sizes  played no small part in both our persons 

now that the ice was broken  i easily persuaded miss f  to have
occasionally first one and then the other of my sisters to sleep with
her  alleging that an occasional early night s rest would recruit my
powers  and that when she dismissed her bedfellow in the morning  i
could finish her off in force  she could thus initiate them in mutual
floggings  and in the use of dildo  of course  i need not say that my
ultimate object was to succeed in our making it a general orgie  in this
indeed it ended  but not exactly as i had intended  that mattered not 
as long as the desired object was attained  i had the delightful
opportunity  too  of watching through my peephole many of the delicious
scenes of lubricity enacted  and when driven to the fiercest excess of
passion  i used to withdraw  steal up to the unoccupied sister  and vent
my raging lust in every indulgence with her 

this had been carried on for about a fortnight  one or other of the
girls sleeping every other night with miss frankland  lizzie  it
appeared  had often professed to long to see a real cock  and had
managed to worm out of miss f  that she had enjoyment of mine  the
little hussey importuned miss f  to let her see me fucking her  saying
that she could easily hide behind the curtains  and i would never know 
miss f   whose passions were at the utmost tension of desire  consented 
and placing lizzie where she could see without being seen  opened my
door  but found an empty bed  she at first suspected that i had gone to
one of the female servants  but thought she would make sure and see if
mary was not the object  so she stole softly upstairs  and found us in
the act of enjoying a double gamahuche  which as it was early morning
light  she could see without difficulty  she had the kindness to let us
enjoy it to the end  and then dragging me off  said 

 oh  charles  this is dreadful  why could you not be content with
me  have i ever refused you  do you know this would be the ruin of all
of us if ever it should become known  you are too young to know the
dreadful consequences of discovery  

here she burst out in a torrent of tears it was evident from real fear
of the sad results that might ensue  and not from any feeling of
jealousy  i threw myself into her arms  and as she had herself
acknowledged our intimacy  i had less difficulty in alluding to it  i
caressed and fondled her  and told her there was no fear of
discovery less now than ever as we would be all interested alike in
keeping our secret  she would cover my intimacy with my sisters  and
they would cover my intimacy with her  all at once she said 

 how long has this been going on  tell me truly  

i had long prepared myself for such a question  and at once replied that
after the description of the libidinous scenes that had taken place
between her and them  and her exquisite account of their young charms  i
got so lecherous upon them that i had sought mary out while she was
engaged with lizzie  and lizzie when mary was with her  they were both
too much delighted to refuse me anything  and we had now enjoyed each
other about a dozen times  i had previously told my sisters to support
any story i might recount to miss f  lizzie had stolen up after she
found miss frankland had passed through my room  and now both confirmed
the tale told  we surrounded miss frankland  caressing her in every way 
my pego got terribly excited  drawing up my nightshirt  i said 

 let this dear fellow make peace between us  and become equally dear to
all  i know  my loved mistress  that my sisters are longing to see him
exercised on your glorious person  and buried in your delicious hairy
cunt  so let me offer up sacrifice to its juicy charms  lizzie has just
said you sought me for the purpose see  the dear clitoris is raising its
head let mary lie down under you to suck your clitoris  and see my prick
close above her eyes in vigorous action filling your exquisite cunt  you
can gamahuche her and lizzie can look on behind  witness the glorious
sight  and act postillion to my bottom hole  

 well  my beloved children  the die is cast  it is no use crying after
spilt milk  so let us make the best of it  i never could resist the
eloquent look of this loved and long thick thing  that was made for
giving poor woman all she could crave for  

so arranging our relative positions as i had prescribed  we ran a course
of the most luxurious and salacious enjoyment imaginable  lizzie  who
had taken possession of one of the dildoes  manipulated herself  while
watching every voluptuous movement of our bodies  and we all managed to
spend most rapturously together  we could not afford to do more at that
moment  as time was creeping on  and the household would soon be astir 
miss frankland regained with me my room  her own door being locked  and
kissing me tenderly  said i was a bad boy  but she supposed it must
eventually have come to this  so it was well it was sooner than later 

thus passed our first general orgie  which was the precursor of many
much more luxuriously and salaciously libidinous  and which i shall more
minutely describe as events progress 

miss frankland would not allow us to have a general orgie the next
night  she was now aware of our summer house doings only of late begun 
as she supposed for my story had been too plausibly off hand not to
deceive her  especially as she had felt convinced by all that occurred
on our first fucking that she had had the delightful pleasure of taking
my maidenhead  she was quite satisfied on that head  but she now
suspected that what i had just begun i should be too glad to repeat  she
accompanied us to the garden in our recreation hour  so that nothing
erotic took place  we sat down all together after a little running
about  and miss f  opened to us a rule of conduct we must in future
pursue  she said 

 however delightful it would be for you all  as well as for myself  to
meet every night  it would in the first instance become a dangerous
habit  dangerous because of engendering carelessness in the necessary
precautions against discovery  and next  and above all  because it would
be the destruction of our loved and darling charlie  who could not
possibly long continue such excessive venery as three loved objects at
once would constantly require of him  

seeing my inclination to interrupt her  and declare that i felt quite
equal to it  she stopped me  and told us i was too young to know what
such excessive indulgence would lead to  that we must trust to her
experience and be guided by her  and we should all find the advantage of
it  three times a week was the utmost she could allow  when we should be
all together  the other nights she would take care that i committed no
excess  such were the sage counsels of this admirable woman  and such in
future became the programme of our proceedings  i rebelled and kicked
against what i thought at the time too great a restriction  but i
eventually became convinced that greater pleasure followed the enforced
delays  of course i slept with miss frankland on what might be called
our off nights  but she soon established a custom of restraining my
spendings to twice a night  allowing me to excite and make her spend as
often as i pleased  i was difficult to manage at first  but eventually
settled down in great regularity to the rules she dictated  and  indeed 
enforced  i soon found out the wisdom of her proceeding  for often
afterwards my lagging efforts required the spur of the rod to be applied
in earnest for the completion of our orgies 

the second night after the discovery of my intercourse with my sisters
was the first of meeting all four together  in miss frankland s room  we
had been sent  as usual  early to bed  and miss f  had privately
recommended us to go quietly to sleep as soon as possible  and not to be
under any anxiety  as she herself would go for the girls  after all the
household had retired  as for me  it was the plan i had always adopted 
as it enabled me to reap the greater amount of enjoyment  and its longer
continuance  by the rest i had previously secured  winter had passed
away  and summer came round again  it was a lovely  warm  moonlight
night  as soon as we were all assembled  stripping to the buff was the
order of the night  then followed charming embraces and mutual posings 
so as each should admire the beauties of all  hands wandered everywhere
over every charm  chiefly concentrating on the wonderful and finely
developed form of the fascinating frankland  whose richness of
coal black hair was so deliciously exciting  it soon became necessary to
calm the first effervescence of our passions  which we always did by a
general gamahuche  miss frankland  who had taken an extraordinary letch
for mary  paired off with her  while lizzie and i accommodated each
other  miss frankland  who had provided herself with a store of dildoes 
furnished us all with one  differing in size  according to the intention
of their application  as mary s bottom hole as yet could only
accommodate a moderate size  miss f  kept the smallest for her
particular use  the others were indiscriminately used  thus armed  we
proceeded to enter on all the voluptuous excesses of gamahuching in
every form  lengthening out our pleasures as much and as long as
possible  that we might pass the whole night in the most libidinous
raptures  when the ecstatic moment overtook us  our mouths had to cease
their operations to give vent to the expressions of the rapturous nature
of our feelings  we lay panting for some time before being able to rise
and resume our mutual caresses  now that we had taken off the edge of
our lustful appetite  we prepared more calmly for further and more
voluptuous combinations  the upper coverings of the bed were entirely
removed  so that it presented nearly a square field of combat for love s
encounters  admirably adapted for its purpose  we held a council as to
our next movements  and finally decided to begin as follows  mary to lie
down on her back  lizzie reversed above her  miss frankland was to
indulge in her letch for lizzie  which was that of fucking her
bottom hole with her extraordinary clitoris  while i was to fuck miss
frankland s cunt  and postillion her smaller orifice with two fingers 
lizzie was to postillion mary with her finger  while gamahuching her 
mary to apply the smaller dildo to my bottom hole  and frig lizzie s
cunt with a larger one  it was also agreed we should run two courses in
this voluptuous group  varying only in the substitution of my prick in
miss frankland s bottom hole  instead of her cunt  in which was to be
placed one of the dildoes  we were none of us to press matters to a
speedy termination  but to make the most of the exquisite conjunction of
our parts  we enjoyed a most salacious and voluptuous fuck  and so
managed matters as all should spend together in perfect raptures of
lubricity and lust  notwithstanding the pleasure of the final discharge 
we managed  as previously agreed  to hold our mutual positions  our
parts palpitating with repeated throbbings on or in the delicious
quarters with which they were conjoined  these soon reawakened our
passions  which we as yet had done but little to calm  and when
sufficiently heated  the slight change agreed upon was effected  and i
plunged up to the hilt in the glorious and hairy bottom hole of the
divine frankland  who gave almost a scream of delight as she felt my
huge pego rushing up into her burning entrails  we had to pause some
minutes to allow her excitement to subside to a certain extent  or she
would have discharged after two or three thrusts of my potent weapon  we
then proceeded more leisurely  and after drawing out our enjoyment in
the most salacious and voluptuous manner  the ecstatic moment seized us
all together  with such an excess of wild enjoyment that with screams of
almost agonised delight  we poured into or upon each other whole
torrents of hot boiling sperm  and sank almost insensible into a
confused heap of naked forms  we were a long time in recovering our
senses  then disentangling ourselves  we rose and laved our parts in
cold water  not only to purify ourselves  but as a stimulant to further
exertions in all the wildest excesses of lubricity that any of us could
fancy  but we always managed so as to make miss f  think that she was
the author of any new salacious idea or suggestion  in fact she nearly
was so in every case  for her experience in every letch  and its
gratification in every form of libidinous refinement  was great and we
owed to her many new and delicious combinations in our salacious orgies 
after partaking of wine and cake  which miss f  had taken care to
secure  we indulged in some delicious romping and pulling about of the
rich curls and hairy coverings of nearly all miss frankland s superb
form  the girls above all admired the magnitude  hardness  and beauty of
her truly magnificent buttocks  and what with one now and then sucking
her bubbies  and at other times toying with her already standing
clitoris  we soon brought her to such a state of excitement that 
seizing hold of mary  she got her on the table and gamahuched her  while
lizzie  creeping under  sucked her clitoris  and i pushed my prick from
behind into her cunt  we brought on a delicious spend  and the glorious
creature died away in excess of pleasure along with mary  while i had
not yet arrived at the climax  so i contented myself with making my
prick throb to her delicious squeezings  until the fatigue of the
position required us to break up the pose  she was so far calmed that
she could now propose and discuss after proceedings  and what our next
form of enjoyment should be  as mary had had an extra spend with miss
frankland  lizzie was now placed on her knees  with her head well down 
i thrust my prick into her longing cunt  miss frankland standing up 
strode across lizzie s body in front of me  here i introduced first a
smaller dildo up her bottom hole and then a larger one up her cunt  both
up to the cod pieces  she then pushed forward her belly and put her
stiff standing clitoris into my mouth  and placed her two hands on my
head  i then passed one hand under her open legs  and seizing both
dildoes in one hand  proceeded to work them up and down both holes at
once  in unison with my suction of her clitoris  and my fucking
movements in lizzie s cunt  who at the same time was frigging her own
clitoris with her fingers  mary  armed with two dildoes  applied one to
my bottom hole  while she fucked herself with the other  in this way we
ran a most exciting and delicious course  miss f   in the ecstatic
moments  seemed as if she would have pressed my head into her belly  she
was so charmed with the voluptuous delights this pose had given that she
cried out we must not change until another course was run  lizzie said
she must change from front to back  and begged mary to hand her a dildo
with which she might frig herself  the women were ready directly  but my
pego was longer in answering the call  so miss frankland told mary to
apply the birch rod skilfully 

this she did with great art  working the dildo  which was still in her
cunt while so occupied  the effect was almost electrical  and my
glorious rampant prick filled dear lizzie s delicious and longing
bottom hole to her utmost delight  miss f  begged mary to give her a
gentle stimulus with the rod  nothing could better have pleased mary 
for she afterwards admitted she had long had the greatest letch to flog
that glorious and immense backside  with such stimulants as these this
course proved one of the most salacious and voluptuous we had yet had 
and the ecstatic ending was accompanied with screams of delight  as we
died away in the death like swoon of rapturous and satiated desires  we
again rose to purify and refresh ourselves  and for some time after lay
closely embraced on the bed  as mary had not yet had my prick in her
cunt  miss f  proposed that i should fuck her  that lizzie should kneel
close behind us  she could fuck lizzie s bottom hole with her clitoris 
and work one dildo up my bottom  while she worked a second in her own 
no sooner said that done  lizzie s head was shoved almost below mary s
belly  so as to bring miss f  close enough to me to operate as she
desired  and we ran another delicious course with such extreme pleasure
that all sank sideways down on the bed and dropped into a sound slumber 
we did not awaken until so late that we only had time to lave ourselves
in cold water  finish off with a general gamahuche  and then regain our
separate rooms  on this last occasion miss frankland said she must
gamahuche me  as she delighted to break her fast on cream  the joke
amused the two girls amazingly 

it was about this time mrs  vincent gave birth to a fine boy  i have not
spoken of her since our first interview after her marriage in the summer
house  when all had gone into the town to bring out miss frankland  we
had only had two stolen interviews since that time  which i have not
mentioned  because they were too hasty  and with too little comfort to
have been thoroughly enjoyed  then she became too heavy with child to
afford me any further opportunity  mamma wrote a congratulating letter
to mr  vincent  wishing him joy of the advent of a son and heir  little
dreaming that her own son was the father thereof  this brought a visit
from mr  vincent to beg that mamma would kindly become godmother to the
little fellow  my mother at once assented  and asked who the godfathers
were  he said an uncle  from whom they had expectations  had consented
to be one  but he was at a loss to know whom to ask as second 

 why not ask charlie  he was always very fond of your wife as his
governess  and he  too  has an uncle from whom we hope some day to
receive something handsome  

 that is a very good idea of yours  mrs  roberts  and if you will kindly
send for charles i shall put it to him  and if he consents  it saves me
all further trouble  

i was sent for  and  you may be sure  accepted immediately  thanking mr 
vincent for the honour he did me  and hoping that mrs  vincent would be
equally agreeable that i should be godfather  although so young 

 leave that to me  my dear wife is so much attached to me that my wish
is her law  so do not make yourself uneasy on that head  

it may well be supposed i was not at all uneasy  but quite certain that
it was the very thing mrs  v  would have proposed if she had not been
withheld by prudence  we heard afterwards from mr  v  that she had
simulated objections on account of my youth  but the very first moment
she could say a word to me in private it was to tell me what delight it
had given her that her husband should have fulfilled in the matter the
very wish nearest and dearest to her heart 

the ceremony eventually came off as had been proposed  but it was at
very rare intervals that i could find an opportunity of renewing our old
combats in the field of venus  meanwhile i had no reason to regret this
as far as indulgence of my erotic passions went  because  for nearly two
years  that is until i had passed my eighteenth birthday  i continued to
enjoy uninterrupted bliss in the arms of the luxurious and fascinating
miss frankland  or in orgies with her and my sisters  which culminated
in every excess of venery capable of being enjoyed by three women and
one youth  in fact  we all indulged rather too freely  if i may judge
from the fact that  at least to miss frankland and myself  the rod had
almost become a necessity  and occasionally even my sisters admitted it
gave them a fillip  under the able tutorship of miss frankland we became
the most perfect adepts in every voluptuous indulgence of lubricity  but
i must also give her the credit of never neglecting our education 
indeed  i may say it gained by the intimate union of our bodies  for
that estimable woman impressed upon us that to keep her friendship and
confidence we must do justice to her teaching  i have already said her
system of instruction was very superior to anything we had previously
known  and now that she had won our unbounded love and affection  there
was nothing we were not ready to do in school to second her efforts for
our mutual improvement  she had very superior attainments spoke french
and german like a native  had sufficient knowledge of latin and greek to
ground me well in them  and her knowledge of music was very superior  i
have hardly ever heard anyone with a more charming touch on the piano 
in the two years that followed our first orgie we made really
astonishing progress  we all spoke french very fairly  had a pretty good
knowledge of german  especially mary  who really spoke it well  as for
myself i was well up in french  fairly so in german  and with a very
good groundwork of latin and greek 

it was about this time that an event happened which completely changed
the order of my life  my mother had hinted that i had some expectations
from an uncle  these were very vague  he was my father s brother  but
they had never agreed  and we were almost strangers to each other  he
died  and one day we were all surprised  not to say delighted  to hear
from his executor  a mr  nixon  a rich merchant in london  that my uncle
had left my mother four hundred pounds a year as long as she did not
marry again  but at her death the said annuity was to be divided between
my two sisters  independent of any coverture  the residue and bulk of
the property was settled on me  under trust to mr  nixon until i was of
age  with a request that i should be brought up to the law and entered
as a barrister in the inner temple  further  a sum of five hundred
pounds was allowed for a new outfit  in every way becoming to all of us 
mr  nixon announced that in a fortnight he would take the opportunity of
being in our neighbourhood to come over and make the necessary
arrangements consequent upon the altered state of affairs  he added that
the residue of the property would yield about one thousand pounds a
year  and that  therefore  my education must be looked to more closely
than it probably had been  here was  indeed  a change  my father had
left the house and grounds  and something like six hundred pounds a year
in the funds  entirely to my mother as long as she remained a widow  or
until her death  afterwards one hundred and fifty pounds per annum to
each of my sisters  and the house and residue to me a moderate income
requiring other efforts to make it comfortable to one s upbringing  here
i was now the heir eventually to something like fifteen hundred pounds a
year  two country houses  and a very fair house besides attached to my
uncle s house  you may easily imagine the joy of the whole family when
from somewhat pinched economy  we found ourselves in easy circumstances 
with at once quite double our previous income  we indulged in somewhat
wild dreams of what all this might produce  but mamma brought us to our
senses by informing us that until i was of age mr  nixon would entirely
control our destinies  and that it was more than probable he would
insist upon sending me to a public school  this news dashed all our
hopes to pieces with a vengeance  because it was precisely on our
greater freedom that we had been counting  and now there was every
probability our delightful intercourse and delicious orgies would come
to an abrupt termination  we exchanged sad and crestfallen looks on
hearing this from mamma  and met in a very disconsolate humour that
night in miss frankland s room  but that charming and estimable woman
cheered us up with the hope that if a temporary separation did occur  it
would only lead to our safer and more perfect reunion hereafter 

 and  to tell you the truth   she said   my dear charlie  we have been
of late too much for you  and your health and constitution will benefit
by a forced inactivity  for i have observed some symptoms about you
lately that prove we three have taxed you too hard  i have no doubt i
shall be retained as governess to your sisters  and leave me alone to
keep them to a point that will not disappoint you when we meet again 
which must always occur at intervals of not longer than six months  

to our loving minds six months seemed an age  at the same time miss f  s
remarks had  to a certain extent  reassured us  and although we could
not enter into our orgie with the usual fury and letch  nevertheless we
managed to pass a night sufficiently rapturous in the enjoyment of our
libidinous passions  which many would have thought excessive 

in due course mr  nixon made his appearance  he was a pleasant looking
elderly gentleman  and a complete man of the world  finding that i had
been educated entirely at home under governesses  he fancied i must be a
milk and watery ignorant youth  and had already hinted as much to
mamma who  having told me  put me on my mettle  mr  nixon sent for me
into the parlour alone  and began an agreeable conversation apparently
leading to nothing  probably with a view not to render me nervous and
timid  gradually turning the conversation upon educational subjects  he
was agreeably surprised to find the progress i had made  not only in
historical and geographical subjects  but in languages  and above all
was surprised at my knowledge of latin and greek  he was particular in
asking if some clergyman had not lent his aid to the governess  after
dinner  during which he paid great attention to miss frankland  he
warmly complimented her on her system of teaching and its extraordinary
success  at the same time he observed that  as his dear old friend had
desired that his nephew should become a barrister  it would be necessary
he should be sent to some clergyman taking a few boys  and then to
king s college  london  before entering a barrister s chambers  miss
frankland at once admitted the justice of the remark  and hoped that
charles would not shame her teaching 

 quite the contrary  i assure you  miss frankland  i have been struck
with the admirable groundwork you have established  and especially the
advantages you have given him of the knowledge of modern languages  i am
so much pleased that i intend to beg of mrs  roberts to keep you as the
able governess of the girls until they are so much older as to require a
little knowledge of the world which a metropolitan ladies  school is
sure to impart  

all this was said with a certain deference of manner to miss frankland 
that i felt certain the old gentleman was greatly struck with her
person  as well as her system of teaching  but of this it is probable my
readers will learn more hereafter 

my mother  hearing of the intention of sending me to some clergyman 
immediately suggested that her own brother in law  the rev  mr 
brownlow  rector of leeds  in kent  a retired village close to the
castle of that name  would be a suitable person  he was a gentleman who
had taken honours at cambridge  and was in the habit of receiving one 
two or even three young gentlemen  but never more  to prepare them for
the universities  at that moment she knew by a letter from her sister
that he had a vacancy  his name  she said  stood high as an instructor 
as mr  nixon would find on inquiry  and as charles had never been away
from home  it would be a great satisfaction to her to know that he was
under the care of her own sister  mr  nixon said he perfectly agreed to
her suggestion  provided  as to which he had no doubt  his inquiries
justified his sending me there  he left us with a promise of an early
decision  and  indeed  before the week had passed we received his full
concurrence to my mother s suggestion  so my aunt was written to  and it
being the period of the holidays  mr  and mrs  brownlow were asked to
come over and spend a week  and then i could return with them to kent 
we had not seen aunt or uncle since we were little children  and only
remembered her as a very tall immense person  the distance had prevented
personal intercourse  and we only knew of them by interchanges of hams 
canterbury brawn  and oysters at christmas time  as they replied by
return of post  saying they would be with us in two or three days
following their letter  you may be sure miss frankland and all of us
made the most of what was to be the last of our mutual orgies for the
time  no restrictions were put upon us  and every night was dedicated to
the god of lust and voluptuousness 

at last the fatal day arrived  my mother and the two girls went into the
town to fetch uncle and aunt out  leaving miss frankland and me to our
studies  you may well suppose it was the prosody of love and not that of
grammar that occupied us  there was a tenderness of manner  and a loving
kindness and fondling  which i had not before observed in miss
frankland  and which i should have thought alien to her character 
embracing me tenderly  and pressing me lovingly to her bosom  she burst
into a flood of tears  and sobbed as if her heart would break as her
head sank on my shoulder  i tried to comfort her in the best way i
could  and as my kind reader knows  a woman s tears always had a most
potent effect on my prick  i placed it in her hand  she hysterically
laughed amidst her crying  but instantly sank her head down to the loved
object  embraced  sucked  and frigged it until i poured a flood of
boiling sperm into her mouth  which she greedily swallowed  and
continued sucking until not a drop was left  then rising once more to
caress and embrace me  she said 

 yes  my own beloved boy  that was indeed a means to stop my tears  i
not only adore it  but have come to love you  my darling  more than i
ever loved anything in my life you are my own scholar  bodily and
mentally  i shall miss you greatly  and i bitterly regret our parting 
but we shall meet again  although never with such freedom and ease as we
have done  you will spend your holidays at home  and we shall make the
most of them  i can feel the dear object already to be made the most of
again  and so it shall  dear fellow  so come to its own nest  

these last fond words were addressed to my prick  which  already rampant
again  was claiming attention  we went at it  hammer and tongs 
recruited at luncheon  we renewed the raptures of lubricity as that
estimable woman alone knew how to indulge them  we were the less
reasonable  as it had been decided by us the night before that i was to
find out the habits of the coming couple before i should venture on
leaving my room to slip up to theirs  and thus i had a night of
relaxation before me 

at five o clock the carriage drove up  and uncle and aunt were welcomed
to our house  my uncle was a tall  portly  unctuous looking clergyman 
quite a gentleman in his manners  and with a very agreeable voice  my
aunt  who was some fifteen years my uncle s junior  was very tall for
her sex  a fine portly figure  broad shouldered  large bubbies well
apart  a small waist for her size  immense hips and evidently buttocks
to more than match  she was very stout  but stood firm upon her pins 
and walked with great elasticity of step  showing there was a good deal
in her  or rather she could take a good deal out of anybody  she had a
profusion of fair hair  with thick eyebrows  that promised abundance
elsewhere  her eyes were of a deep blue that could look very far into
you  she had a very pleasing expression  a small mouth  and very white
teeth  her complexion was exceedingly fair  her arms immense  but
beautifully formed  hands and feet small  fat and plump  she looked
thirty five  but was nearly forty  and was altogether a most desirable
woman to look at  on a large scale  she embraced me tenderly  which i
did not fail to return  and complimented me and the whole family on our
late good fortune  the first introduction was altogether most agreeable 
and i already began to imagine i might not be so badly off after all 

we were allowed to sit up rather later than usual  and as my aunt was
fatigued with her day and night s journey  they were glad to follow our
example almost immediately  i had only just time to get undressed  when
i heard them enter the room which miss frankland had vacated the
previous day  this had previously been arranged  and she now slept in my
sisters  room  as formerly  until we should depart  i quickly blew out
my light  for fear they should observe it shining through the chinks i
had made  kneeling down  i began to watch the proceedings  the first
thing my aunt did was to squat on the pot just opposite my peephole  and
as she held up her dress well  i could see that she had a most prominent
mons veneris  thickly covered with very fair ringlets  her power of piss
was something wonderful  it was like a cataract in force and quantity 
and at once made my mutinous prick stand at the mighty rush of waters
that could be so plainly heard  as she rose  and before she dropped her
dress  i saw her splendid proportions of limb  the like of which had
never before met my eyes  alas  it was but a passing glimpse  however  i
determined to watch on  hoping to see a further display in the course of
undressing  she took off all her upper clothes  until nothing but her
stays and chemise remained  i could now mark the real grandeur of her
proportions  the stays kept in the waist  and allowed the splendour of
her hips and buttocks to stand out in all their glory  never in my life
have i seen a finer backside than my aunt had got  i am now speaking
from a vast amount of after inspection and adoration  but in its covered
magnificence in which i at this moment viewed it  it appeared the finest
backside i have ever met with  and was in fact the one i alluded to some
time back  when i observed that miss frankland s was the finest but one
i ever saw  it is true  her stoutness added greatly to its prominence 
but though stout  even very stout  it was not a stoutness you could call
fat  for in after intimacy  which became of the very closest and most
voluptuous nature  i was never able to pinch her in any muscular part 
she had the hardest  as well as the biggest  backside i ever met with  i
am quite sure that when she was standing upright  a child might have
stood on the immense projections of her buttocks  her thighs were
positively monstrous in their mighty proportions  as hard as iron 
exquisitely moulded  and of a fairness and smoothness that rivalled
ivory  which  in another respect  they much resembled  namely  in
feeling cold to the touch  her legs were worthy of the glorious frame
they supported  and finished off with a pair of charming  clean run
ankles  and very small feet for her size  as her chemise was short
sleeved  the grand magnificence and beauty of form of her splendid arms
and neck  where the bubbies came out in all their perfection and
brilliancy of skin  were fully displayed  as may be supposed  not a bone
was to be traced in her upper neck  but all was dazzling in colour and
flesh  which is such a beauty in woman  when a woman shows her gaunt
collar bones  it is a proof of bad breeding  and a common nature  aunt s
truly grand bubbies rose magnificently over her bodice  which i thought
at the time was their support  but this glorious woman required nothing
of the sort  for when perfectly stripped  her bubbies stood out firm and
projecting in all their grandeur  and they were of the largest  worthy
of all her other fully developed charms  her belly alone was somewhat
too prominent  when standing up  but as she never had had children  it
did not at all hang flabbily  and ended in one of the most prominent and
largely developed montis veneris i have ever met with  profusely covered
with the fairest of curls  which did not prevent her lovely creamy skin
from shining through them  she was well provided with hair on that part 
but after the extraordinary hairy covering that miss frankland
possessed  and with which i had so often toyed  all other women appeared
as nothing in that way  my aunt  after donning a nightrobe  sat down to
her toilet  and proceeded to let down her massive bunch of tresses 
here  she was  indeed  richly gifted  her hair was all her own  in the
utmost profusion  and  tall as she was  fell much below her buttocks 
and was so thick that she could let it spread over both back and front 
and completely cover her nakedness  titian must have had such another
magnificent head of hair for one of his models  for it exactly
resembled  except in being somewhat of a fairer hue  his celebrated
magdalen  in the pitti palace  at florence  where she is represented
covered only with the rich profusion of her ringlets  such was my aunt 
and often and often afterwards has she indulged all my fancies  by
showing herself off in every voluptuous attitude with this  the greatest
ornament of woman  flowing in the utmost profusion over her glorious and
mighty charms  meanwhile  the doctor had undressed  but it may well be
supposed perfectly unnoticed by me  i had better game in view  he  too 
had donned a  robe de chambre   and sat down by his wife to have a chat
over the occurrences of the day  of course  their conversation very
naturally turned upon myself  they began by congratulating themselves
that the good fortune of the family was partly reflected on them by the
circumstances of my being put under the doctor s care  the lady remarked
how doubly fortunate it was  as the little scandal that had happened
had  for some time  prevented their having any pupils at all  the doctor
said 

 never mind that  my love  this little fellow will soon be the decoy
duck for others  he seems a nice  gentle lad  but i shall seek to have
some talk with him tomorrow  and see what he is made of  boys  under
women s instructions  are generally mere milksops  

 i don t think you will find it so in this case   added my aunt   i am
not a bad judge of character  and i feel certain that miss frankland is
too stern and firm of purpose not to have bent any boy s will to her
bidding  i fear  on the contrary  she has  if anything  been too severe
with him  for my sister told me that she had full power to wield the
rod  but  after one or two severe bouts  she completely mastered them 
and that their progress was really very great  and most satisfactory  as
mr  nixon  charles s guardian  who had examined him  had reported most
favourably thereon  but he appears to be insignificant  and undersized 
thin as a whipping post  pale  and somewhat sickly looking  he appears
much younger than he is  and seems hardly fitted for what you and i
would delight in  eh  dear doctor  

i did not understand at this time what her allusion meant  but it was
followed by the doctor stooping forwards  kissing her  and  i have no
doubt  tongueing her too  he first thrust a hand below her beauteous
bubbies  and then pulling up her chemise  began foraging between her
legs  she put down her hair brush  and laid hold of his cock  but
quickly said 

 don t excite me  my dear  you see this poor fellow can do nothing
without a rod  and we have none here  so be quiet and go to bed  that is
a good boy  

obeying her  he rose  threw off his robe  put on a nightcap  and tumbled
into bed  and was sound asleep before his magnificent spouse had
finished her toilet  when it was concluded  she took off her stays  and
drew her chemise over her head  i doubt if it could have fallen over her
enormous buttocks  she then walked across the room in my direction 
stark naked as nature made her  and strikingly magnificent in the
firmness of her tread  and the glorious uprightness of her truly superb
grandeur of form  i was positively awestruck  i could imagine her to be
juno in all her glory before jupiter  and well he might be tempted to
stray to the forbidden path of love  if juno had such a backside as the
enormous and glorious one my aunt possessed  she again squatted down 
naked as she was  and poured out another torrent into the pot  i felt
overpowered at the sight  and staggered back to my bed  and for the
first time in my life felt constrained to rack off by self pollution the
excess of lust the gazing on such superhuman beauties had engendered  i
could hardly refrain from shouting out to relieve my till then
suppressed excitement  especially when nature gave way  and there
spurted forth a jet of sperm  actually from the bed against the door
towards which i had pointed my prick while wildly frigging it  and in
imagination shoving it into aunt anywhere  for if ever the saying that
 there was plenty of good fucking about all these parts  was applicable
to anyone  it was supremely so in my glorious aunt s case  anyone might
shove his prick against any part of her body  and spend at once from
excess of lust  at her very beauty and splendour of form and exquisite
colour and fineness of skin  never  never have i met her equal  her
power of fuck  too  was on a par with the immensity of size  and of a
quality to please the most fastidious  or the most lustful  such were
the first experiences that i had of my aunt s person  and as my
narrative extends  the reader will become more intimate with her person
and proceedings  i sank to sleep  to dream of possessing her in every
way  rivalling jupiter with juno  and mars with venus  mere visions of
the night  but which were in after days converted into sweet
realisations of the most voluptuous and rapturous nature 

the next day  at our hour of recreation  miss frankland walked out with
us  and seeking a retired part of the grounds  while the girls amused
themselves  i recounted to miss f  all i had seen and heard  she at once
came to the conclusion that i was destined to fall into the arms of my
aunt 

 i am so far pleased  my dear charlie  that it will be into those of an
extraordinary fine woman  you must  after your present experiences with
me  have had someone to go to  and certainly you could not have a finer 
there will  evidently  be every facility  for i read those hints  which
have puzzled you  as intimating anything but reserve once you are
admitted into the inner arcana of their lives  or i am much mistaken 
there is one point i must strongly caution you about  and your general
prudence and great good sense will make you appreciate its importance 
your aunt is evidently much experienced in erotic pleasures  if at once
she found in you the extraordinary adept you are  she would never cease
tormenting you until she discovered who had been your instructress  now
it must be evident to you that if she thought you and i were intimate in
that way  she might draw evil inferences with regard to your sisters  or
if not going so far as to think we had equally corrupted them  it is
probable enough she might seek to remove me from their society  so you
see  my darling boy  though it may be very difficult to do  you must 
for all our sakes  determine to appear quite innocent and ignorant of
everything connected with indulgence in amorous passions  you must not
let yourself appear excited  but leave her to take all the initiatory
steps  and i much mistake if she will not be extremely ready to do so 
but all the more so if she finds you apparently innocent  however much
you now know of love s proceedings  you must keep a guarded check upon
your feelings  so as not to let your knowledge become apparent in the
smallest degree  she will  eventually  be twice as well pleased if she
fancies she has had your first fruits  before you leave i shall give you
some short hints as to how to conduct yourself  

all this time i was getting rampageous  so begging her to stoop forward
upon a stump  i tilted up her petticoats and fucked her from behind 
frigging her delicious clitoris  and making her spend at the same time
as myself  it was a hasty fly  but very sweet nevertheless  for we were
both conscious that it was necessary to make the most of the short time
i had yet to remain at home  i mentioned my aunt s remark about having
no rod at hand  and it was agreed that miss frankland should put one on
an upper shelf of her wardrobe  and accidently leave the key in the
door  as this wardrobe remained in the room uncle and aunt were sleeping
in  woman s curiosity was sure to induce an examination of it  this
answered a double purpose  for miss f  so arranged things that some
excellent books full of little bits of paper inserted here and there  at
highly moral or religious passages  led both uncle and aunt to have a
very high idea of her moral character for these were works that
apparently could only be for her own private reading 

the rod was placed  and the bait laid next day  meanwhile  that
afternoon  the doctor called me aside  and put me through a
conversational sort of examination  i was studiously modest  but being
very fairly grounded by the admirable system of teaching pursued by miss
frankland  i not only satisfied him  but he took occasion to compliment
miss frankland very highly for the admirable groundwork she had laid  i
fancied also  as he continued in conversation with her  that he grew
more kindly and unctuous  as if the spirit of lust was infusing itself
in his veins  as he continued to converse with and gaze on that most
engaging and lust creating creature 

that night i watched  as before  their preparations for sleep  and heard
their conversation  this time the doctor was profuse in his praise of
me  but aunt thought i was timid and lifeless  there seemed no spirit
about me  as there ought to be  she added  at his age  but this
education by females makes girls of boys  i thought to myself  i guess 
i shall very soon undeceive you on that point  my dear aunt  the doctor
went quietly to bed  aunt stripped and used the bidet  giving me a most
exciting and voluptuous view of all her full blown charms  no sooner was
her light out  and she in bed  than i slipped out and crept up to my
sisters  room  where three randy cunts were impatiently awaiting my
advent with an equally randy and inflamed pego  we indulged in every
complicated combination of lust and lubricity  and never ceased until
daylight forced my unwilling retreat  before leaving  as the rod was to
be put in the wardrobe  and the key left in the door  it was arranged
that the next night the girls  and miss f   too  if she could  were to
endeavour to sleep soundly before i came  for if our stratagem
succeeded  i should remain to see the result which would probably occupy
more than an hour or two  and i would awaken them by applying moses s
rod to their water courses as doubtless i would be in a rampageous
state  if our expectations of the doctor s and aunt s tendencies that
way were realised 

i kept myself awake until aunt and uncle came to bed  and then i
immediately placed myself  en vedette   at first no notice was taken of
the key being in the lock  aunt continued her operations  and uncle
became somewhat more tentative than usual  when aunt  finding by placing
her hand on his prick that it was mere useless desire  rose and scolded
him  he grew more emboldened  and followed her up  wishing to feel her
splendid cunt  it so happened she had drawn back as far as the wardrobe
itself  until the key actually hurt her back 

 ah what have we here   she cried  and then turning round  said that as
the key had been left in the lock  there could be no harm in looking in 
her husband became as curious as she  of course  the first things they
saw were the prearranged books  they were seized upon with avidity
probably with the expectation of finding something smutty  but to their
surprise  and especially that of the doctor  it was quite the reverse 

 well  i should never have thought this  do you know  my dear  i had
begun to suspect that  under a demure exterior  there was lurking an
enormous deal of animal passion in that miss frankland  but if so  these
works prove that it is under complete regulation  more s the pity  for
she is made for the real enjoyment of the passions  

 oh you have been speculating in that quarter  have you  you old
lecher  

 well  my dear  you know we have both liberty to stray now and then  and
you  yourself  have not a little availed yourself on our mutual
understanding  

 now  doctor  you are too bad  do i not quite overlook all your weakness
for the younger members of your own sex  and do i not lend myself to
your fantasies in that way  when chance deprives you of any opportunity
of pederasty  

 well  well  my love  i was not upbraiding you  you are too dear and too
kind to me to permit of anything beyond a joking allusion  but what have
we here  a birch rod  by all that is holy  

reaching up to the high shelf  he drew down the rod  at first they
suspected miss frankland operating on herself  but the perfectly
untouched state of the rod proved that it was there in reserve only  and
had not yet been used 

 what a lucky chance   cried my aunt   i shall now be able to birch you
into something like a fit state to fuck me and you shall birch me
afterwards  if it will only produce a second fuck  back or front 
whichever you like  

 you are an angel  my darling wife  and i shall try to content both
orifices  it is an abominable shame that with such a gloriously made
magnificent woman as god has given me in your noble form  i should ever
require any other stimulant than a glance at your exquisitely exciting
proportions  but i suppose it is age that weakens our sensibilities  

 you are right  my dear john  for i  who used to think your dear old
cock was enough for me  find i require the excitement of younger ones to
give me the real excess of pleasure my constitution demands  it would be
a shame if i did not humour all your little caprices  when you so
readily throw opportunities in my way  i only wish this nephew of mine
had been more worthy of us  we should have made him a glorious  bonne
bouche  between us  equally to his satisfaction as to ours  

 well  my dear  the air of kent  and more manly treatment  may yet
develop his somewhat stinted growth  and under your tuition  he may yet
prove not so bad an object as you seem to think  at all events  he may
serve as a  pis aller   until a better turns up  but you must proceed
with caution  for he seems as modest as a maid  

 my dear john  your modest ones always make the best  when once broken
in  i only wish his physique had been more to my liking  but we shall
see  we shall see  meanwhile let us both strip to the buff  and proceed
to make the most of this happy discovery of the rod the very thing we
most wanted and wished for  

aunt rapidly twisted up her magnificent tresses  and as rapidly stripped
to the skin  the doctor likewise  i assure you he was a well made 
muscular  portly  handsome man  with a large well filled pair of cods 
his pego still hung down his head  but had a certain amount of size 
doubtless stimulated by the exciting nature of their conversation and
reminiscences  his skin and his cock were beautifully white  and the
ball of his prick of a tempting scarlet  i felt at the moment that  if i
dared  i would have bolted into the room  and sucked it into such a
stiffness as would have instantly satisfied the insatiable cunt of my
glorious aunt  this was a delight to be left for a future day  when i
allowed the doctor all the credit and pleasure of persuading me to do
that which i was burning with desire to do  but i digress  no sooner
were both fully prepared than my aunt  in a stern voice  ordered the
doctor to approach 

 come here  sir  i must whip you  you have not done your duty as you
ought lately  and you are a very naughty boy  

the doctor  putting on the air of a schoolboy  begged to be excused this
time  but his inexorable mistress was not to be moved  and seizing him
by the arm  pulled him over her broad and massive thighs  and with one
arm round his waist  seized his cock in her hand  and began whacking
away at his backside in such real earnest and  apparently  with all the
force of her powerful arm  that i began to think the doctor must cry out
in earnest  but he took it all without a murmur  only wriggling his fat
and smooth buttocks about in a way that rather inferred satisfaction
than suffering  presently my aunt  who  doubtless  knew by the grip of
his prick that matters had arrived at the point her own passions had
most at heart  lifted him up  and said 

 now i must put you in pickle  but as your great red buttocks are too
large to be pickled  i shall pickle your prick instead  so come here 
sir  and let me put this rampant fellow into my pickle tub  where  i
promise  the salt brine will soon bring down his pride  

i suppose this was the sort of childish yet lascivious talk which
pleased them both  for uncle  who had risen  and who now presented a
much finer weapon than i had given him credit for  pretended to fear
this further punishment  and begged and entreated to be let off he had
been punished enough   c    c  aunt  however  leading him by the prick
to the bed  threw herself on the edge  and lying back  drew up her
enormous thighs almost to her belly  and showed to my gloating gaze her
tremendous salmon coloured gash  all covered with spunk  for the
operation had made her spend profusely  i never saw so large a cunt  nor
such an extensive triangle as lay on the side of each lip between it and
the commencement of the buttocks  beautifully covered with the fairest
curls 

 there  sir  is your place of punishment  stoop and kiss it before i
imprison your indecent cock within it  

the doctor  nothing loath  stooped and gamahuched her so well that her
mighty backside wriggled beneath his head  and made everything in the
room jingle  her hand pressed his head until i thought it would have
been pushed in altogether  at last  she spent with a shout of delight 
he hastily gobbled it all up  and rising  without more ado  thrust his
stiff standing weapon up to the hilt  i might almost say cods and all 
in her longing and magnificent cunt  here  he soaked for some minutes 
and i could see by the convulsive movements of her backside how much
aunt was enjoying it  they soon became bent on more active movements 
for throwing her splendid legs over his back  she began an up and down
movement  much more active than i could in any way have given her credit
for  they went at it in real earnest for a longer time than i expected 
but when the mighty crisis came  it was with an energy  and passionate
struggles worthy of the strength and substance of the two love
wrestlers  i could see her cunt all foam again around the roots of the
increased size of uncle s very respectable prick  and then they lay in
apparent apathy for full twenty minutes  but one could see by the
convulsive throbs of their whole bodies what delicious transports of
rapture they were enjoying  uncle was the first to rise  but only to
stoop and to greedily lick up all the foaming spunk which the
wide spread entrance to her glorious cunt exhibited  this being done 
she  too  rose  and throwing her arms round the doctor s neck  drew his
mouth to hers  and seemed to suck his slimy lips  and gain for herself
as much as she could of the delicious spunk the doctor had been
revelling in  this lasted some minutes  then my aunt turned him down on
the bed  and took a long suck at his prick  now hanging limp  but still
of a goodly thickness  then she thanked him for the great satisfaction
he had given her  and declared it was almost as good as the first days
of their union  then after toying and cuddling on the bed for a time 
she said they must now proceed to a little further castigation  on her
bottom this time  as he had promised to give her a double dose 

 yes  my love  but you know you promised i should take my choice of
which temple i should make my sacrifice at  

 my own john  you know  that after being once well fucked  the hinder
hole is my preference  that is understood  

they accordingly rose  and uncle  furnishing himself with the rod 
desired aunt to kneel on the edge of the bed  and present her
magnificent backside projecting out fair for his birching  this she
immediately did  and being directly before my eyes  i had a full front
view of her gloriously large wide open cunt  and all the pinky brown
 aureola  around her charming bottom hole  over which the little fair
ringlets showed in great beauty  i need not say that my own john thomas
was in all the pride and panoply of prickdom  and ready to burst with
excitement  my uncle took the rod in hand as soon as aunt was in
position  and placing himself on one side  while his left hand passed
under her belly to frig her clitoris  he had his right hand free to
inflict any amount of whipping  and  i must say  neither one nor the
other spared the rod  they laid it on right soundly  but drew forth no
word or sign of complaint  my aunt soon began to wriggle her stupendous
backside  in a way to show how very exciting the birching was to her 
her exquisitely creamy white skin began to see the scarlet of the blood
rushing to the surface under the infliction received  the redder it
became  so did the evident palpitating movement of her two resplendent
orbs increase  until uncle  too  showed how the glorious sight was
stimulating his less easily excited system  by the stiffening and
uprising of his pego  aunt s hand slipped down to it  and being well
acquainted with its habits  pronounced it to be as equally ready as
herself  turning her body lengthways  but still on her knees  the doctor
scrambled up behind her  and first stooping  licked up the foam on her
cunt  for she had already spent once  and then  rolling his tongue about
the beautiful indentation leading to her delicious bottom hole  he
thrust it in as far as he could there  then rising on his knees  he
first plunged his jolly good prick into her cunt for two or three
shoves  and then drawing it out well lubricated  presented its point to
her exquisite bottom hole  and plunged it up to the hilt at a single
thrust  aunt gave a cry and shudder of delight as she felt it penetrate
to her very entrails  the doctor  satisfied for the moment  lay soaking
in the exquisite pressure that aunt s  sphincter ani  was applying to
his happy prick  he looked down upon her glorious buttocks  handling
them with evident pleasure  i saw aunt s hand steal down to her cunt 
and could observe that she was actively frigging her clitoris  she
shortly cried out to uncle not to be so idle  but to commence the
delicious movements she expected from him 

he did they did  and such a scene of excitement it was to see so
magnificent a woman with such a mighty backside in all the agonies of
enjoyment that i could hold out no longer  but seizing my bursting prick
in my hand  two or three rapid movements up and down  and tight
graspings of the shaft  brought on the ecstatic rapture of so lascivious
a spend that i actually fainted and fell heavily on the floor  it was
fortunate that aunt and uncle were so hotly engaged that an earthquake
might have shook the house without their being conscious of it  so as i
only fell from my knees it never disturbed one moment of their pleasure 
i must have been some minutes without consciousness  for when i came to
my senses  and was able to resume my inspection  i found their crisis
was past  but that uncle still lay soaking in the narrow cell he so
delightfully occupied  he was gazing with evident pleasure on the still
palpitating buttocks of the divine backside immediately below him 
neither was in any hurry  but they dwelt for a considerable space of
time in this repose of lubricity  at last  his cock  reduced in bulk 
slipped out of its close quarters  then  rising  and helping aunt out of
bed  they warmly embraced each other  kissed and tongued  and aunt
thanked him for a most rapturous fuck  aunt then sat down on her bidet 
and uncle used the wash basin  after purifying themselves  and aunt
showing all the extraordinary fine development of her glorious form 
they put on their nightdresses  blew out the lights  and tumbled into
bed  i immediately hastened to gain my sisters  room  with my cock
standing stiffer than ever  i entered gently they were all asleep  my
two sisters lay reversed  with their heads between each pair of thighs 
they had evidently fallen asleep after a mutual gamahuche in the very
attitude in which they had spent  miss frankland had apparently waited
for me  but feeling drowsy  had thrust her very fine hairy backside
right out of bed  ready to attract my attention the moment i should
come  so gently approaching  and bringing the light to bear on the
beautiful sight  i spit upon and lubricated the end of my prick  and
very gently introduced him into her ever delicious cunt  i managed to
fully engulph it before applying my finger to her bottom hole  and my
other hand to her clitoris  she had already in her sleep involuntarily
squeezed me with her usual force  then  suddenly applying all my
energies  i began an active movement  which instantly awoke her  she was
as ready for the sport as i was  and in a very few minutes we ran a most
rapturous course of intense delight  and spent with an energy which
proved the strength of the excitement i had been under  as i was
standing by the bedside  and she lying on it with her fine bottom
projecting beyond the edge  it was not a position to remain long in 
besides  i was still dressed  so  withdrawing  i undressed myself  my
sisters had slept through all this  so first preparing everything for an
excessive orgie  by getting out dildoes and birch rods  we awoke the two
darlings  who  rising  stripped to the buff  the three dear creatures
were all curiosity to know what had kept me so long more than two hours
and a half  and what had been done 

i recounted all the proceedings  except in so far as they had talked of
initiating me  for neither miss frankland nor i wished my sisters to be
acquainted with that matter  they laughed heartily  and little lizzie
said she must act aunt  first flog me and be fucked  then be flogged by
me  and have my darling prick up her bottom hole to follow  we laughed
and humoured her  and that scene came off with considerable  eclat  
miss frankland fucking mary  for whom she had a great letch  in the cunt
first  and in the bottom  after my example on lizzie  in the second
place  lizzie and i then laved our parts and prepared for fresh
encounters  and we then began a more regular course of the most
lascivious lubricity  in which dildoes and rods played conspicuous
parts  both becoming necessary under the excessive indulgencies of these
last few nights  i stole to my room long after daylight  and slept
soundly for an hour or two  you may be sure our lessons were of the
lightest in these few days that were left us  and i was allowed to doze
off during school hours 

miss frankland again walked with me alone in the garden  to give me  as
she thought  last lessons in the way i should act with aunt  who she now
felt more certain than ever would very soon attack and carry my person
when she reached home and had the place and time all to herself  i
listened with apparently great attention  as the reader knows  i was
already an adept in the art she wished to indoctrinate thanks to the
admirable advice of my ever charming real first instructress  the lovely
mrs  benson  but i could not help thinking how completely these two
admirable women had the same wisdom and knowledge of the world with
which they were so anxious that i  too  should become conversant 

the next night the doctor and aunt went quietly to bed  the doctor
declaring that his previous night s doings would prevent any more that
night  so i only had one more gaze at all aunt s magnificent beauties 
which had a never failing effect on my excitable weapon  and which she
sent away when her light was put out in a perfectly fit state for the
work that awaited him in my sisters  room  i came upon them sooner than
expected  and found the three rolled into one body  two gamahuching each
other  and miss frankland s clitoris in mary s bum hole  for a wonder
they did not hear me as i gently opened the door  and i patiently waited
till the lascivious crisis brought down a delicious spend from them all 
when clapping my hands applaudingly  i cried 

 bravo  bravo  encore  

i was so far glad  for to confess the truth the pace was telling  and i
began to require more and more of the rod  however  we had but this and
the next night at our disposal  and the knowledge that we must soon
cease our delicious orgies nerved us all to increased efforts 

again our passions raged furiously  and broke out in spurts of foaming
sperm  every desire our lascivious lubricity could suggest was carried
out to increase our pleasures or renew our exhausted resources  until
time warned us again to separate 

the next day there was no school time it was spent in packing and
preparing for departure  my poor mother took it much to heart she was a
most affectionate creature  as innocent as a babe  i often wondered
where we three got all the natural wantonness of our characters  for
mamma had nothing of it  i suppose it must have come from our
grandparents  as aunt had it in the fullest degree  and was almost the
equal of the adorable miss frankland  who only excelled her in having
greek blood in her veins  which  doubtless  accounted for the extreme
heat of her lubricity  some day i will recount the chief events of her
romantic story  which she herself  in after time  fully related to me 
the day was a sad one for us all  even sadder than the next  the actual
day of departure  as often happens  the anticipation of evils is greater
than the reality when they come 

that night my aunt and the doctor had another whipping bout  but this
time she only succeeded in getting a single course out of the doctor  as
before when all was over  i slipped away to pass the last delicious
night with the dear creatures with whom i had now carried on the most
rapturous orgies for more than two years past  my sisters were rapidly
developing into remarkably handsome fine young women  especially mary 
who  having the advantage of a year and a half over lizzie  was
naturally more filled out and formed  although lizzie promised in the
end to be  and in fact became  the finest woman  and had also by far the
hotter temperament of the two  we passed the night in orgies the most
refined  interspersed with tears of regret at our parting  and soft
endearments leading to perfect furies of lubricity  until i was nearly
fainting with exhaustion  we tore ourselves asunder with difficulty  and
the three angelic creatures held their door open  and with streaming
eyes watched my receding form  twice  on looking back  i could not help
returning again and again to throw myself into their arms for a last
loving embrace  but like all things human it came to an end  and i
reached my bed and sobbed myself to sleep 

it is needless to dwell on our parting next day  my mother accompanied
us to the town where we were to take a coach  it drove up  my poor
mother could hardly utter her blessing and farewell  and i saw the tears
coursing down her venerable cheeks as she waved her handkerchief before
the coach turned the corner that shut us from her view  of course my
heart was full  whose could be otherwise when quitting home for the
first time  my aunt put her arm round my waist  and laid my head on her
ample bosom  and comforted me as well as she could  but a full heart
must vent itself  fortunately  we had the inside all to ourselves  my
aunt was very tender  and so was the doctor  i soon sobbed myself to
sleep  even in the bitter grief of the moment i had some slight comfort
in the idea of pressing those glorious orbs  my aunt frequently kissed
me  and i returned it with full pouting lips  which i fancied rather
pleased her  i slept until the coach stopped for supper  ate heartily 
and  as may be supposed after my late week of hard work  soon again
slept like a top 

i did not awake until it was broad daylight  and  like all heavy
sleepers  was awake and sensible of what was going on before opening my
eyes  i became conscious that a hand was gently pressing and apparently
taking the size of my standing pego  which the pressure of water on my
bladder had occasioned to be in an erection of the hardest  i lay quite
still  continuing to breathe heavily  but unable to prevent sundry
throbbings of my pego  occasioned by the soft hand of my aunt  who was
gently following its form from the outside of my trousers  it appeared
she had only just commenced her manipulations  not having previously
observed the bulging out of its large dimensions under my trousers  she
pressed her knee against that of the doctor opposite  who i presume  was
dozing off  and in a whisper i heard her draw his attention to my
extraordinary development 

 feel it  my dear  but very gently  so as not to waken him  it is the
largest prick i have ever felt  and altogether beats the late captain of
grenadiers you used to be so jealous of  

the doctor did feel  and i think aunt would have unbuttoned my trousers 
had not the coach suddenly pulled up at the inn we were to breakfast at 
so perforce they shook me up  i acted the suddenly awakened sleeper very
well  as soon as we were out of the coach  i whispered to the doctor 

 if you please  uncle  i want to piddle very bad  

 come here  my dear boy  

and taking me behind some wagons in the innyard  where we would not be
seen  he said 

 here  we can both piss down this grating  

and  forsooth  to encourage me  pulled out his own standing pego  i saw
what he wanted  and out with my own in all its length and strength 

 good heavens  charles  what an immense cock you have got does it often
stand like that  

 yes  uncle  every morning it hurts me so until i piddle it gets worse
and worse  and bigger and bigger it was not half so big a year ago  i
don t know what to do to cure myself of this hardness  which is very
painful  

 ah  well  i must speak to your aunt  perhaps she can help you  have you
ever spoken to anybody else about it  

 oh  dear no  i should have been quite ashamed  but when i saw you also
had the same hardness  i was very glad to ask your advice  dear uncle  

 quite right  always consult me about that part of your body  whatever
you may feel  

we breakfasted  and i could see  on regaining the coach  that uncle and
aunt had a satisfactory exchange of words on the subject  we got to the
rectory in kent in time for dinner  at which i was the object of great
and devoted attention of both  especially of my aunt 

our previous long journey made an early retreat to bed a necessity for
all of us  they both conducted me with much  empressement  to my
bedroom  a very comfortable one  having a communication at one end with
a corridor  and  on the right hand side entering  another door
communicating with my uncle s dressing and bathroom  and these opening
into their bedroom  which had a similar dressing room on the other side
fitted up with wardrobes for female gear  and dedicated to my aunt s
sole use  i was left to a quiet night s rest  which i most thoroughly
enjoyed  and slept profoundly until late in the morning  i was awakened
by my uncle drawing all the clothes off me  of course  i was rampant  as
usual  he gazed for a moment or two without speaking at my enormous cock
at full stand  he then said it was nine o clock  and breakfast was
ready  that he had not liked to disturb me sooner  as i was in so sound
a slumber  but now it was time for me to get up 

 i see   he added   that your doodle  as you call it  has got the
hardness you spoke of yesterday  

then he laid hold of it  and gently squeezed it it filled his grasp  he
evidently enjoyed the pleasure of handling it  but contented himself
with saying that my aunt must see to giving me some remedy the next day 
when she should come and inspect it in the morning  so as to see how
hard it was  and how it hurt me 

i replied that it would be very kind of aunt  but what would she think
of my showing my doodle to her  mamma had told me  when i slept in her
room  always to piddle in a corner  and never let anyone see it 

he laughed at my apparent simplicity  and said 

 your mamma was quite right as to people in general  but it is quite a
different thing with your aunt  whose close relationship authorises her
doing what she can to relieve her dear nephew  in whom we both take such
an interest  besides  i suppose your mamma never saw it in this size and
hardness  

he was gently handling it all the time of our conversation 

 oh  no  mamma never saw it but at night  when it was quite shrunk up 
and that is nearly a year ago  when i used to sleep in her room  it is
since then it has grown so large and hurts so much  and throbs so
violently as it is doing now in your hand  it makes me feel so queer 
dear uncle  and i shall be so much obliged to dear auntie if she will
but give me a remedy to relieve the pain i suffer  

he laughed again  and said 

 i shall speak to your aunt  and we shall see we shall see  but get up
now  we shall find your aunt waiting for us  so make haste and dress 
come downstairs  you will find us in the dining room  

he left me  and i could hear him laughing to himself  as he walked along
the corridor  doubtless at my apparent innocent simplicity  i saw at
once that i should be called upon to show myself a man next day  but i
already felt the advantage of the advice both my admirable mistresses
had given me  as to making all new conquests believe that they had my
first fruits  i determined to adhere to the game i was playing  and i
foresaw that the pleasure of supporting such a thing would greatly
enhance the delight aunt would naturally take in being fucked by my
really monstrous cock  i was soon down to breakfast  and was most warmly
embraced by my gloriously beautiful aunt  who  in a graceful dishabille 
looked more charming than ever  she hugged me for more than a minute in
her arms  and devoured me with kisses  i have no doubt the doctor had
recounted our interview  and by the sparkle of her eye  and the flush on
her face  as she so closely embraced me  she showed that already her
passions were excited  and she was longing for the hour in which she
could indulge them  however  all that day  they were kept under
restraint  the doctor had some parish business to attend to  and aunt
leaving me for an hour after breakfast  while she attended to some
necessary household affairs  afterwards took me all over the house and
grounds  and then we had a walk through the village  the house was one
of those snug rectory houses situated in their own grounds which abound
in england  but few have so glorious a prospect as was seen from the
front of the house  leeds  in kent  is situated on the ridge of hills
running east and west  and commanding views over the rich and beautiful
weald of kent  the rectory faced the south  and the ground falling
rapidly beyond the garden left a splendid landscape in full view 
although close to the village and the church  both were planted out by a
thick belt of evergreen trees  which extended to north and east 
sheltering the house and grounds from every adverse wind  the house
itself was very commodious  but unassuming  the south front had a large
projecting half circle  with three windows in it and a window on each
side of the half circle  this formed the drawing room below and my
uncle s bedroom  and two dressing rooms above  to the right  looking at
the house  there was a wing with an open arched passage leading to a
greenhouse and vinery  while above ran a suite of three rooms  each with
one good sized window overlooking the garden  these were the three rooms
kept for the same number of young gentlemen who might be taken in for
preparation for the university a number the doctor never exceeded  of
these rooms i was at present the only occupant  they were built so as to
be shut off from all the rest of the house by a door on the landing 
leading into the corridor  from which a door communicated with the
doctor s dressing room  and with each of the three rooms  at the end was
a water closet for general use  i have already mentioned the first of
these rooms had a second door of communication with the doctor s
dressing room  and this was appropriated to me  below these rooms  but
looking north  and communicating with the village by a covered way and
having a playground into which it looked  was the schoolroom  taking up
about half the space of the rooms above  beyond the covered way to the
village was a quiet garden square  into which the doctor s study looked 
this study was separated by a passage from the schoolroom  and had
double baize doors both on the house and schoolroom sides  it was in
fact the doctor s sanctum sanctorum  of which more will be told in the
sequel  in this manner the schoolroom part of the house was quite shut
off from the rest  and was nowhere overlooked  to return to the
habitable part  the west front contained a small library  opening from
the drawing room  and beyond a comfortable dining room  communicating
with the kitchen and offices  which overlooked the courtyard of the
entrance to the house  above these were the domestics  bedrooms   c  the
entrance was from the north into a handsome entrance hall  with a good
broad staircase leading to the upper landing  which  turning westward 
led to three extra bedrooms above the library and dining room  it was
thus a very convenient house and well adapted for a clergyman adding
scholastic duties to his other ministrations  i forgot to say that the
first bedroom  in the west wing  had a door of communication with my
aunt s dressing room  which i afterwards found had often served for
amorous propensities by making it the bedroom of some favoured lover 
the grounds were charmingly laid out with a profusion of flowers  there
was a perfectly shaded walk in the east shrubbery leading from the
greenhouse down to a most charming summer house overlooking the very
finest prospect  and perfectly secure from all observation  it was
furnished very appropriately for amorous purposes  the couches being
low  broad  and with patent spring cushions  in the sequel it was the
scene of many a bout of lubricity  my aunt took me through all that i
have described  when we arrived at the summer house  i could see that it
was with difficulty she restrained her great desire to possess me  i
would most willingly have rushed into her longing arms  and fucked her
to her heart s content  but prudence withheld  i had undertaken to act a
part  and must go through with it  no doubt aunt was withheld by a
similar motive  she and the doctor had resolved that nothing to alarm my
modesty heaven save the mark  was to be attempted till the next morning 
so with a deep sigh she led me away from the summer house into the
village  where we met the doctor  and returned to luncheon  after
luncheon the doctor took me for a walk again through the picturesque
village along the ridge of hills  to enjoy the beautiful views of leeds
castle  the doctor giving me very many interesting historical details
connected with it  after a most pleasant and lengthened walk we returned
in time to dress for dinner  i found that one of the rules of the house
was that no matter  whether alone or with company the doctor invariably
insisted on regular evening costume at dinner time  this has many
advantages  in the first place it gives at least half an hour s
occupation  an object in itself worth something to persons living in the
country  and then it gives a  cachet  or rather  chic  to your dinner
party  however small it may be  and is in itself a certain amount of
restraint on excessive exuberance of spirits  and thus may be considered
as a disciplinary element of education tending to keep up that reserve
and self restraint characteristic of englishmen 

beyond a marked attention to me in every way  our dinner and evening
passed without anything worthy of record  i was evidently high in their
favour  probably for the reason that both began to have great hopes that
i would serve their purpose in every way  we retired early to rest  and
i thus obtained three nights of uninterrupted rest  recruiting me after
all the excesses i had indulged in before quitting home  it was so far
fortunate  that i was thus ready to satisfy the strong passions of my
aunt  who was insatiable when once her lust was let loose  i awoke
earlier than on the previous morning  and shortly afterwards  hearing a
movement in the doctor s dressing room  i feigned sleep  it was as i
expected  the doctor coming to me in company with my aunt  they
approached my bedside  i had laid myself on my back purposely to allow
the thin summer covering to be lifted up and bulged out by my
stiff standing pego  i heard the doctor whisper to aunt  to draw her
attention to it  she gently slipped her hand under the clothes  and
grasped it in her soft fat fingers  upon which it throbbed so violently
that i thought it politic to waken at once  my aunt was not at all put
out  but held it still in her hand with a gentle pressure  she said 

 my dear nephew  your uncle has brought me to see if i cannot relieve
the extreme hardness and pain you feel in this immense thing of yours 
let me see it  

she now threw off the coverlet  and brought to light my large prick in
all the glory of the stiffest stand 

 my word  what a monster   she cried 

her eyes sparkled  and her face flushed as the sight met her full gaze 
the doctor approached  and also handled it with evident delight 

 my dear  will you be able to put it into your natural warm bath  it is
so very large  

 oh  i have not the slightest doubt but that i shall be able to soothe
and deliver it of all pain poor fellow  how it throbs  does it hurt
much  dear charles  

 oh  yes  your hand seems to make it even harder than before  but  at
the same time makes me feel so very queer  as if i were going to faint 
do relieve me  dear auntie  the doctor says you can if you like  

 i will do so  certainly  my dear boy  but the method is a great secret 
known only to your uncle and myself  and you must assure me you will
never mention it to anyone  or tell how i cured you  it is only my
strong affection for you that makes me anxious to do anything i can to
relieve you  do you promise to be discreet  

 my dear aunt  you may be sure i shall be too much obliged to you ever
to think of revealing your great kindness  do  pray  do it at once  i
feel so queer  and i am bursting with pain  

 well  then  make room for me beside you  and i shall lie down  the
doctor will cover us up  and i shall soon reduce the stiffness  

she got into bed  lay down on her back  pulled the sheet over us  laying
bare her splendid belly  and  at the same time  opening her magnificent
limbs and desiring me to get upon her  telling me she had a sheath in
her body  which  when my hard doodle was put within  would soon relieve
it of its stiffness  i got awkwardly upon her  she seized my standing
prick  and placing its knob between the already very moist lips  told me
to push it in as far as it would go  it glided into its delicious sheath
up to the cod piece in a moment 

 oh  heavens   i cried   how nice  dear  dear  auntie  what shall i do
now  i feel as if i were going to die  

my apparent innocence seemed to add to her pleasure  she threw the sheet
that covered us on one side  and with arms and legs clasped round my
body  begged me to move my bottom up and down  so as to make my doodle
go in and out  i followed her directions  and she seconded me with rare
art  squeezing my instrument with wonderful pressures as i withdrew and
she retired  to meet again the up and down shock with the most
lascivious delight  i felt the hand of the doctor embracing my testicles
and gently pressing them  i became aware that the crisis was
approaching  and shoved home with a cry of rapture  but remembering my
part  i exclaimed 

 oh  i am dying  dear aunt  oh  oh  stop  stop  i can t can t bear it  
i sank away  but could hear aunt murmuring 

 dear  darling  delicious boy  i never had such a glorious prick in me 
or a better fuck before  i fear the dear child has fainted from the
excess of pleasure  and the newness of the sensation  but his glorious
prick still throbs deliciously within me only feel its root  doctor  how
stiff it is  

i felt the doctor grasping it  making it throb violently as he did so 

 the dear boy is as stiff as ever  you will get another fuck out of him
the moment he comes to himself  i am glad of that  for it is delightful
to see you at it  especially with so splendid a prick operating upon
you it is the greatest treat you have ever given me in that way  

 i don t wonder at that  my dear  for i never met with such a fine prick
in my life before  and little thought my nephew could have had such a
splendid one in his trousers when we first saw him  oh  i am lewder than
ever  and am spen spen spending  oh  oh  

and she poured down another copious hot flow on my enraptured prick  i
let her revel in the ecstasies of her second lascivious discharge until
i found that her libidinous passions were again excited and longing for
more active operations  i pretended not to know where i was  and began a
faltering 

 oh  where am i  what has happened  i have been in paradise  

lifting up my head  i apparently recognised aunt in surprise 

 oh  dear  how came i here  oh  remember  auntie  you promised to
relieve my hardness  and it seemed so nice  but i feel it is harder than
ever  you will try and relieve me again  won t you  dear auntie  

 certainly  my dear nephew  you must do as you did at first  move in and
out  and i shall second you  and perhaps we shall succeed this time
better than before  

of course  i was less gauche  and she more energetic  i felt the doctor
insert a moistened finger up my fundament  and move it in unison with
our thrusts  aunt cried out to me to go on faster and faster  and we
soon came to the grand crisis  dying away together in sobs and sighs of
delighted enjoyment  i again sank on her noble panting bosom  really
overcome with the rapture giving delights of that most delicious cunt 
on lifting my love humid eyes to the face of my aunt  she seized my head
in both hands  and drew my lips to her in a long  long kiss of satisfied
lust  and thrust her tongue into my mouth  which i immediately sucked 
she then begged me to give her mine  after tongueing together for a
minute or two she asked if my doodle was in less pain  and if its
hardness was reduced 

 a little  dear auntie  but i feel it is getting hard again you must try
once more  if you please oh  it is so nice  

and my prick throbbed up and stiffened to prove the truth of my words 
but the doctor here interrupted us by saying that he must have his own
stiffness reduced  at the same time presenting his really fine prick at
full stand before our faces 

 you must get up  my dear boy  and your aunt will allay your new
hardness in another way  in which she will be able to relieve both our
hardnesses together  

reluctantly i rose  withdrawing my reeking prick at more than half
stand  looking down as i rose on the truly large and magnificent foaming
gash from which i had just withdrawn  i cried 

 oh  dear aunt  what a wonderful sight it is  i must kiss it for the
efforts it has made to relieve me  

i threw my head down upon it  kissed it  licked its wide open lips all
foaming with fuck as they were  thrusting my tongue in as far as it
would go  this evidently gave aunt great delight  but the doctor drew me
off  told me to lie down on my back  and made aunt straddle over me  she
took hold of my now completely standing prick  bent it back  and
directing it aright  sank upon it until her ample bush of hair lay
crushed on mine  she rose up and down two or three times in a slow
delicious movement  and then bending forward  glued her lips to mine
while i threw my arms round her glorious body 

i could feel the doctor getting up between my legs on his knees  and
then felt his prick was rubbing against the lips of the cunt fully
distended round my large pego  doubtless for the purpose of lubricating
it before thrusting it into aunt s magnificent backside  i felt the
rubbing of his prick against mine through the thin partition  as he
glided slowly up into her entrails  we then began our joint movements 
but aunt beat us both  and spent twice before joining in our final
finish  which was ushered in by loud cries of delight from all three as
the death like ecstasy seized us  and we sank in that half unconscious
state of supreme bliss  it was some time before any of us spoke a word 
the doctor rose first  and without drawing his prick from the delicious
orifice in which it had been engulphed  showed by the way it hung down
its pendant head  that aunt had at all events allayed its stiffness  he
desired aunt to rise also  but i felt by her throbbing cunt  and the
pressure she put on my prick  as she rose from it  so that it came out
with a loud flop  that she would fain once more have done me the service
of allaying any stiffness that might re arise  however  it was much
limper than before  although still of a goodly thickness  when she got
on her legs  she stooped forward  kissed it  took it in her mouth  and
most lovingly sucked it  saying how delighted she would be to relieve me
whenever it was troublesome  they begged me to get up and dress  and we
should meet at breakfast  they then withdrew  to complete their own
toilets  i lay for some minutes in the dreamy delight of thinking over
the delicious event that had just taken place  and amused at the last
remark of my aunt  which seemed to infer that she thought i was innocent
of the real meaning of the performances that had just taken place  i
determined to act as if it were so 

we met at breakfast  aunt kissed me most lovingly  i thanked her for her
great kindness in relieving me from pain in so delicious a manner  and
told her i could not help loving her more than i had ever loved anyone
before  and said i hoped she would kindly relieve me every morning  for
i always suffered at that time from the painful hardness  though i
should never be sorry for that  as long as she would so kindly allay it 
i put my hands quite in a childish way on each cheek  and held up my
mouth for a kiss  which was given to me in the lewdest way  she called
me her dear boy  and told me that she would always help me as she had
done that morning  as long as she found i was discreet  and never told
how she did so  you may be sure that my promises were most earnestly
reiterated  so we kissed again  and sat down to an excellent breakfast
with sharpened appetites from our early exercise  and did full justice
to the viands set before us  the doctor gave me a book of history  and
desired me to read for a couple of hours  and said that at luncheon we
would talk over the subject of my reading  i studied attentively for the
time prescribed  and then aunt came to ask me to walk in the grounds
with her  insensibly or not  she led me to the summer house  and sat
down on a low ottoman  i sat down beside her  she drew me to her  kissed
me  and clasped me to her bosom  murmuring terms of endearment  and
pressing me to her glorious bubbies  of course  my unruly member fired
up at once  to prevent her imagining it was lasciviousness that prompted
me  i said 

 oh  my dear aunt  i do so want to piddle  my doodle at once gets as
hard as wood if i at all restrain the inclination to do so  just feel
how stiff it has become  will you let me go and piddle  

 my dear boy  i will go with you  and unbutton your trousers for you  

we went among the trees  her busy fingers undid my trousers  and helped
to bring forward my lordly cock in its glory  fortunately  i did want to
piddle  and aunt held it up as i did so  her eyes sparkling with lust as
she handled it  and her face flushed with her excited passions  she
remarked what an astonishing size it was  gently rubbing it up and down 
of course  it became more rampant than ever  throwing my arms round her
stooping neck  i asked her if she could not again relieve the excessive
hardness and pain it was in 

 to be sure  my dear boy  come here again into the summer house  where
we cannot be observed  

we entered  she put a cushion on the floor for my knees  threw herself
on her back  and lifted all her petticoats well over her belly  exposing
her very hairy cunt  and its splendid pinky gash  already moist from her
excitement  i threw myself on my knees  and stooping down  said 

 i must kiss the dear reliever of my pains  

i kissed and tongued  until my aunt begged me to raise my body  and come
upon her  that she might quickly put me out of pain  i rose  and slipped
my stiff member up to the hilt in her longing cunt almost taking away
her breath by the suddenness and completeness of the insertion  her legs
and arms were round me in a moment  and at it we went hammer and tongs 
until we quickly spent with cries of delight  and sank in momentary
oblivion  soon to recover our full sensations  and dash again on
passion s furious course  this time aunt pouring down her hot boiling
discharge before me  and again when she felt the torrent of my sperm
shooting up to the top of her womb  our final crisis was even more
ecstatic than the first time  and we lay longer in the soft languor of
the after sensations  the excessively voluptuous nature of her inward
pressures soon re illuminated all my libidinous desires  and refired my
prick with renewed force  we soaked for a short time  each indulging in
the delicious inward throbbings  until our lust could stand no longer
such mere preliminary work  and stimulated anew  we rushed with
freshened passions into the fray  the fiery nature of my lustful aunt
paid down two tributes to priapus to my one  this time our sensations
were so ecstatic in spending that we really lost all consciousness  and
lay for long locked in the closest embrace  i could feel that we were
both becoming re excited  but my aunt begged me to rise  saying that was
enough for the present  the stiffness was allayed  and my weight was too
much for her to endure longer  i rose  but again buried my face in the
wide gash of that glorious cunt  and before rising completely  i licked
up the delicious foam  and even ventured to give  as it were  an
accidental lick to her little knob of a clitoris  for she was not much
distinguished in that way  she shivered with excitement  when i touched
it  and even pressed my head down upon it  when she felt the pleasure
pressure 

 my dear boy  what exquisite delight you give me  continue for a little
to keep moving your tongue on that hard projection  

i did so  her splendid backside wriggled below in the fullest enjoyment 
she rapidly came to the ecstatic ending  nearly thrusting my whole face
into her vast orbit  and spurting out a very torrent of sperm  all over
my face and neck  she seized me by the shoulders to draw me up  that she
might kiss me  my prick had regained its full vigour  and could not fail
to slip in of itself into that most lascivious and gaping cunt when it
reached the entrance  my aunt started at such an unexpected result  but
was too much gratified to hesitate for an instant  throwing legs and
arms around me  her supple loins were in immediate action  i myself was
equally in a state of wild lubricity  so that our course was even more
rapid than at first  and we both spent and sank together in the
delicious after languor as soon as the ecstatic joy of the first rush of
the exquisite discharge was over  my aunt  who could not but be most
highly gratified  still kept up the appearance of relieving me  she
desired me to rise  and said we must go  as luncheon time was at hand 

 but  my darling nephew  you must yourself endeavour to keep down your
hardness  and not allow it to become stiff so often you will injure me
with your violence  

 oh  my darling aunt  you give me relief with such exquisite pleasure
that my doodle seems to harden only for the purpose of your relieving
it see how it is again bulging out of my trousers   for she had buttoned
it up  she put her hand upon it  and squeezed it  but said  with a deep
sigh 

 come along  come along  or i do not know what might happen  

she drew me away  but by the manner in which she squeezed my arm  i
could feel she was herself still greatly excited  her prudence alone
enabled her to resist further indulgence  as she seemed to think i was
still unaware of the real nature of our proceedings  we found the doctor
waiting for us at the luncheon table  he guessed by the flushed face of
my aunt the nature of our late employment  and asked if i had been again
troubled with my unnatural hardness 

 yes  poor fellow   said my aunt   it appears that whenever he wants to
piddle  and cannot do so at once  it troubles him in that way  and i
have had some difficulty in allaying it  i succeeded at last  but i have
told my dear nephew that he must endeavour himself to restrain it in the
daytime  as it is not always in my power to relieve him  

 quite right  my love  my dear charles  you must endeavour to follow the
wishes of your aunt  

of course i promised  and with such a look of innocence that i could see
they exchanged smiles at it  we sat down to luncheon  afterwards the
doctor  seating himself by my side  began a conversation on the
historical subject i had been studying  our conversation became really
very interesting  the doctor was a man of great erudition  and of varied
knowledge  and had a manner  special to himself  of making almost any
subject most interesting  hours flew by  and it was only when aunt
entered about five o clock  to take a cup of tea  as was her wont  that
we were aware how time had flown  the doctor praised my knowledge of
history  and the pertinency of the questions i had put to him  in a
manner highly flattering to me  and i could see that i had risen much in
his estimation  quite apart from any erotic influences  he proposed a
constitutional walk before dinner  and much interested me by his
instructive conversation during it  our dinner was most agreeable  in
the drawing room aunt  a most admirable performer on the piano 
enchanted us with her skill and taste  the doctor challenged me to a
game at chess  he was  of course  far superior to me  but he praised my
style of play  saying i should become a great proficient with time and
practice  we retired  as usual  about half past ten  the doctor seeing
me to my room  and promising to bring aunt in the morning to see if i
was still troubled with that painful hardness  i thanked him warmly  but
with much simplicity  as if quite unaware of the real nature of the
application of the remedy  he left me to my repose  the quiet nights of
sound sleep made my day efforts pass off without any exhaustion  and i
felt my erotic powers increasing in force 

i slept soundly  and so long that i was only awakened by the caressing
hand of my aunt on my stiff standing pego  she had gently lifted off all
the coverings  and i lay quite exposed to eye and touch 

 oh  my darling aunt  how kind of you to come this early to relieve that
troublesome thing  

i held out my arms  she stooped down to kiss me  i clasped her to my
bosom  our lips met  and our tongues darted fiery lust into our bodies 
she threw herself down by my side  i was onto her in a moment  the
doctor took hold of my pego  and guided it into the delicious orbit of
his wife  dear aunt begged me to do as i did yesterday  if i wanted
relief  our action became fast and furious  her legs and arms wound
round me in loving pressures  her active backside wriggled in delight 
the doctor had introduced first one finger  and then two  into my
fundament  and added greatly to the fury of my lust  so that i spent in
an agony of pleasure  as quickly as the fiery lust of my aunt produced
her hot and plentiful discharge  i sank on her charming bosom  panting
with the force and fury of our coition  but like all very fast fucking 
my virile member hardly flinched from his first vigour  and a very few
of aunt s exquisitely delicious internal pressures sufficed to bring him
up to the fullest stiffness  we were about to plunge again with renewed
ardour into all love s wildest excitement  but the doctor insisted upon
our first changing places  that he  too  might have his hardness
allayed  our change of position was instantly accomplished  and dear
aunt  after impaling herself on my upright member  sank on my bosom and
was clasped in my longing arms  the doctor scrambled up behind her  and
lost no time in sheathing himself in her fine and beautiful bottom hole 
and then we ran a double course of delight  dear aunt taking the lead as
usual  and deluging us with her hot and delicious discharges before we
were ready to pour into her a double dose of delight  which again made
her spend with fury and cries of rapturous enjoyment  in which we both
joined  and then sank in love s exquisite inanimation  on recovering
ourselves the doctor withdrew  but i was already as stiff as before 
aunt began a most effective and delicious movement above me  which soon
brought on another grand finale  and we died away in mutual delight  i
could feel that the doctor was gently handling my cods  both during and
after our last combat  when  by our mutual throbbings  he saw that we
were about to become fit to enter on another career  he begged his wife
to rise from off me  but the idea of losing her and her extra pressures
made my prick immediately resume an erect position  so that when she
rose from off it  it was shown in a completely standing state 

 what  again  charles   said the doctor   your member is sadly unruly 
my dear  you must again try to allay it  but put yourself this time on
your knees  and we shall see if that position be better adapted for the
purpose of relieving this immense object  

he was gently and admiringly handling it all the time  his wife was
quite aware of his object  and  indeed  so was i  our last bout had
helped to restiffen his prick  and although not yet quite rampant  it
was evident that when my bottom was in full view  and so placed as to be
got at with facility  it would be quite as stiff as necessary  when his
wife had knelt down  and by lowering her head had exposed all the
wondrous grandeur of the most superb backside that ever met my eyes  my
prick bounded with joy  the doctor still grasping it  and feeling it
throb so wildly  saw that his game was sure  he pointed out all the
beauty of aunt s second orbit of love  and told me it was in that he had
allayed his own hardness  and as the other orifice had not succeeded in
quieting me  he recommended my entering within the narrow path of
ecstasy  i professed no surprise  but seemed to take it quite as a
matter of course in the simplest innocence of manner  uncle continued to
handle my tool as i mounted on my knees behind aunt  guiding the almost
bursting weapon into the delicious cunt in the first place  to be
lubricated there  and then telling me to withdraw it  he directed it to
the smaller orifice  and desired me to push gently and smoothly in  it
glided in slowly up to the meeting of my belly against the enormous
buttocks of that sublime backside  there i paused for a minute or two
within the throbbing sheath  aunt had pushed her bottom well out  and by
the action of apparently voiding  had facilitated the entrance  she
winced once or twice  but on the whole  as she told me afterwards  took
in my enormous tool with less difficulty than she expected  after a few
slow movements  during with i caressed and devoured with admiration the
glorious orbs beneath my dearest gaze  uncle desired me to lean forward
and embrace my aunt s splendid bosom  as soon as i did this  and began
slowly to thrust in and out of the delicious sheath in which i was so
rapturously engulphed  i felt uncle s hands wandering over my buttocks 
followed by the introduction of two fingers into my anus  my throbbings
on them showed how much he pleased me  he asked if it added to the
pleasure i was enjoying 

 oh  yes  dear uncle  immensely  

 then   said he   as i  too  am suffering from hardness  i shall try to
allay it in your bottom  as you are doing in my wife s  don t be afraid 
if i hurt you i shall stop  

 do just as you like  dear uncle  both you and aunt are so kind as to do
all you can to relieve my pain  and i should be very ungrateful if i did
not do all in my power to relieve you  

 you are a darling boy  and i shall love you dearly  

he knelt behind me  and spitting on his cock  presented it at my
bum hole  and pressing gently forward  soon sheathed it to the utmost
depth  he did not hurt me at all  as i was too much used to be dildoed
there to have felt any difficulty of approach  but i deemed it politic
to beg him to be gentle from time to time  as if it were a virgin vale
he was entering  he fancied as much  and that was just as good  when
once he was fully within  after a few throbs  which were felt most
deliciously on his delighted prick  we proceeded to more active work 
aunt  in the meantime  by more pressure on my prick  and by frigging her
own clitoris  which i was quite aware she was doing  had spent
profusely  and  as the case with all the mucous membranes of the body
which sympathise with the cunt s discharge  her bottom hole became quite
moist and deliciously heated  the doctor and i then went at it with
fiery force  and soon gave down nature s tribute  and mutually poured a
flood of sperm up the entrails we were respectively belabouring 

we lay for some time after in all the luxury of soaking in the delicious
apertures  i fell to nothing  and reluctantly withdrew  i had again
become rampant  and keeping myself more erect  with a hand on either
immense hip  i devoured with greedy eyes all the glories beneath my
gaze  fired by such a truly magnificent sight as these huge buttocks
were  when in an entire state of wriggle  i again spent with cries of
agonised delight  and in all the ecstasy of fully satiated lust  sank
almost insensible on the broad and beautiful back of my aunt  who
herself had spent several times  squealing like a rabbit  and eventually
falling flat on her belly overcome with exhausted lust  drawing me with
her still held a willing prisoner in her glorious and exquisite
bottom hole  we lay entranced for some time  until the doctor  who 
during our last bout  had purified himself  told us we must now get up 
with difficulty i tore myself from out of that delicious sheath  and
rose with my cock at last pendant  the doctor congratulated me on the
success of the last move  his wife lay still panting with all the
delight of satisfied desire  and we had to help her up  she threw
herself into my arms  and hugged me close to her heaving bosom  kissed
me tenderly  and hoped she had relieved me of all pain  i was her own
darling boy  and she would always be truly happy in relieving me of that
inconvenience whenever it troubled me  i was internally amused at their
continuing to keep up this idea  but i humoured them  and appeared the
most innocent simpleton  notwithstanding all that had occurred  the day
passed much as the previous one  after two hours  reading  aunt again
proposed a walk  which  of course  ended at the summer house  where
again a pressure of water brought on the painful hardness  which aunt
succeeded in allaying after four most exquisite bouts of love  varied by
a thoroughly good double gamahuche between the last two acts  aunt must
have spent at least ten times  and appeared thoroughly contented  but
continued to attribute it to her gratification at having relieved me of
my painful hardness  again i passed hours in instructive conversation
with my learned uncle and after a similar evening to the last  retired
at our usual hour 

next morning i was awakened by uncle alone  who told me that my aunt was
somewhat poorly  and could not come 

 i am sorry it is so  for this little fellow is as hard as usual  

 oh  i am so sorry dear aunt is poorly  both on her account and my own 
what shall i do  dear uncle  it is so hard and painful  

 well  my dear boy  i must try to allay it myself  i love you too dearly
to leave you in this state  i am not so good at allaying this painful
attack as your aunt  but as you know you were successfully relieved in
her bottom  and i in yours  yesterday  we shall try today if i can
accommodate this huge fellow  of which i have some doubts  take off your
nightshirt as i do mine  it will be more commodious  

in an instant we were both stark naked  we threw ourselves into one
another s arms and lovingly kissed each other  our tongues met in a
delicious sucking our hands took each a prick  and we had a most
exciting and loving embrace  the doctor then took my prick in his mouth 
sucked it a little  and well lubricated it with his saliva  spitting on
the lower part of the shaft and rubbing it round with his finger  he
then knelt  and presenting a really beautifully rounded bottom of the
fairest hue  he pushed it out  showing a light brown corrugated
bum hole  most tempting to look at  he desired me to wet it with my
saliva  i stooped and applied my mouth and tongue to the appetising
morsel  and thrust my tongue in as far as it would go to his evident
delight  leaving it well moistened  i then brought my prick to the
entrance  he shoved his backside well out  and acted as if he desired to
void himself  a firm but slow pressure quickly engulphed the knob  the
doctor desired me to rest a moment  and drop some spittle on the shaft 
again it was firmly pushed forward  and gradually it won its way up  the
belly against the buttocks  without much flinching on the doctor s part 
after resting a while  he desired me to bend forward and feel his cock
while i should move backwards and forwards in the sheath until i was
relieved  i had a most delicious fuck  the doctor s bottom hole was
quite hot internally  his pressures with the sphincter were exquisitely
delicious  and he had acquired the charming side wriggle so exquisite in
quim fucking  of course this was an old letch of his  which his position
as schoolmaster had given him so many opportunities of indulging in  and
the still greater pleasure of initiating others in it  at this very
moment he was delighted with his delusion about me in that respect  of
course i never undeceived him  and he had all the extra delight of the
idea  my younger and hotter passions had made me spend before he could 
so after indulging me in a delicious soak after the ecstasy of the
discharge  he drew my attention to the rigidity of his own member 
which  he said  i must now allow him to allay in turn 

 of course  my dear uncle  i am too sensible of your great kindness in
relieving me to hesitate about giving you the same relief  

i now withdrew  he rose for a mutual loving embrace  and then i stooped 
and taking his fine milk white prick with its lovely vermilion knob into
my mouth  most deliciously sucked it  making my tongue tickle the
entrance to the urethra  to his infinite delight  he murmured out soft
terms of endearment  then getting exceedingly lewd  he begged me to
kneel down as he had done  he then kissed and gamahuched my bottom hole 
making my prick stand and throb again with delight  then spitting on his
prick he quickly sheathed it in my glowing backside  after pausing to
enjoy the exquisite pleasure of complete insertion  he stooped  and
passing a hand round my belly laid hold of my stiff standing prick with
one hand  while he gently pressed the ballocks with the other  we then
proceeded to active measures  he soon made me spend  which i did with
loud cries of delight  giving him the most exquisite pleasure by the
pressures the act of spending made me exercise on his pleased prick  he
soon resumed his thrusts  and eventually we both spent together in the
most ecstatic joy  i sank forward on the bed  dragging the doctor with
me still imbedded in the rapture giving aperture of my backside  we lay
long in all the enchantment of delight  at last he withdrew completely
reduced  but was surprised to see me still in a rampant state  when i
got up he took my prick in his hand  praised its noble proportions  and
again stooping  took it in his mouth  frigging the lower shaft with one
hand  he then introduced two fingers into my bottom hole  continued his
suction and movement on my prick in unison with the working of his
fingers up my bum hole  and in this manner quickly produced a delicious
discharge in his mouth  i had placed my hands mechanically on his head 
and i nearly choked him as i thrust my prick halfway down his throat as
i spent  he greedily swallowed every drop  and then rising  embraced me
lovingly  telling me i had given him the greatest treat in the world 
and he loved me dearly  after this he invited me into his dressing room 
and we both entered the bath together and mutually laved each other 
then dressing we joined aunt at breakfast  she had not the least air
 d une malade   but with a sly smile hoped the doctor had proved as
efficient as herself 

 oh  yes  my dear aunt  and i am so much obliged to both of you for your
solicitude to relieve the pain i suffer in the morning  but it seems to
me that it more frequently and more severely attacks me than ever  i
only hope i shall not tire out your kindness by such frequent appeals to
your aid  

 oh  my darling nephew  do not imagine anything of the sort  we are but
too happy to be of any service to you  

this was accompanied with a knowing smile cast at each other  caused by
my apparent uncommon simplicity  but which they were evidently glad to
see  we sat down and enjoyed a capital breakfast 

the day passed quite as the two preceding ones  aunt asked me to walk
with her  and as before ended by leading me to the summer house  where 
after relieving my distress symptoms  as she called them  three times 
and finding that the relief was still inefficacious  she proposed to try
if by adopting my uncle s position she could not be more successful  so
kneeling on the low ottoman  and throwing her clothes over her back  she
exposed all the glories of that most splendid backside  and dazzled my
sight with its huge magnificence and ivory like surface  perfectly
milk white  the pureness of which was equally perceptible through the
rich light curly hair that spread bush like between her legs  and
wandering beautifully upwards between the cheeks of the enormous orbs 
stole round the charming corrugated aperture that i was about to
penetrate  the rosy circle of which appeared all too small to admit my
very large virile member  i threw myself on my knees  and first licking
out the wide open lips of her wondrously fine cunt  and taking care to
pay my respects to the small knob of her indurated clitoris  i
transferred all my attention to the smaller and most charming orifice 
after kissing it most lovingly  i thrust my tongue in as far as it would
go  and rolled it about to her infinite delight  while with my left hand
below i kept pressing and frigging at her excited clitoris  she wriggled
her glorious backside in all the agonies of the delicious excitement
until she spent most profusely  actually hurting my tongue with the
tightness of the squeeze her sphincter muscle gave as she poured down
her plentiful discharge over my chin and neck  in her grand excitement 
and wild with the fury of her lust  she cried out 

 oh  fuck me  my darling  and shove your glorious prick into my
bottom hole  oh  fuck fuck fuck me directly  

inwardly delighted at this natural outbreak of her passions  naming
matters by their more appropriate terms  i replied by acts  without any
words at the moment  it may well be imagined i was myself in the most
rampant fury of desire  so bringing my raging prick up to her
magnificently large cunt  all foaming as it was with her recent
discharge  i plunged with a furious bound up to the codpiece at once 
she met my forward lunge with a backward push and a cry of delighted
satisfaction  i moved a few times in and out  so that my prick was white
with the foam of her delicious cunt  then suddenly withdrawing  i
presented it at the entrance of the more secret temple of venus  and
more gently pushed it home  she helping me with outthrust buttocks and
outward straining of the entrance  so that i most charmingly glided
slowly into the glowing furnace that was awaiting with such lascivious
desire to engulph and devour my longed for prick  for  as i have before
observed  my dear aunt was gluttonous of a bottom fuck  after being so
fucked in cunt as i had already served her  it was so deliriously tight
and hot that i lay in the exquisite rapture of complete insertion for
some minutes  i had seen my aunt s arm move in a manner to convince me
she was frigging her own clitoris  in fact  the movement of her hand
frigging herself was felt by my codpiece  i let her continue  until
finding by the involuntary wriggling of her bottom that she was about
again to spend  i aided her with my prick  and had hardly made many
moves before she poured down another tribute of lust  with a squeal of
delight  and with such pressure on my prick as nearly drove him at once
to a similar discharge  i did my best  and succeeded in not following
suit  my aunt was insatiable  and i was glad to let her spend as often
as possible  and i so managed matters that she spent again before
joining me in the final crisis  which seized us together  and we died
away in joyous cries of thoroughly  though but momentarily  satisfied
desire  i sank on that magnificent back  as the languor that follows the
ecstatic moment overtook me  but it was only for a short time  the
exquisite internal pressures that my amorous and glorious aunt was
exercising on my delighted prick were too exciting not to rapidly
produce a reaction  nonetheless rapidly that it was in such a delicious
retreat as the pleasure giving aperture of that gloriously exciting
backside  i was lying down on her broad back  so passing one hand round
to her large but firm bubby  i took its nipple between my fingers  the
other hand sought the knob of her still stiff clitoris  i excited both
while making a very gentle move with my hardly fully standing prick  i
felt at once how this gratified her  indeed  she often afterwards
assured me that such frigging  with the movement of the softened prick
gently working within her  was most exciting  and almost better than
when it was in full force  i soon made her spend again  another of her
delights was to have a stiff prick shove away into her the instant after
she had spent  when she herself was at the moment incapable of action on
her part  she in after days proved that her greatest pleasure was to
have a fresh standing prick near  to take the place of one that had made
her spend  and had spent itself  and have it thrust into her with all
the vigour and lust the sight of the previous fucking had inspired and
fired it with  at this moment  as i had not spent  it was the exact
counterpart her libidinous imagination could have desired  i fucked and
frigged on until we both gave down in cries of joy our united tribute to
venus  we both sank this time down on the couch in utter forgetfulness
of all but the ecstatic bliss with which we were overcome  we long lay
soaking in all the delightful sensations my adorable aunt s convulsive
clutchings of my prick with her delicious close pressures excited  at
last she begged me to withdraw  although she could feel me now
restiffening under the delights of that exquisite interior  i would
fain have recommenced 

 you must not  my dear boy  it is more than nature can support  and i
must consider your youth  you have delighted me even beyond previous
delights rise then my love  and let me embrace  thank  and love you as i
shall always do  

i rose  and we threw ourselves into each other s arms  lovingly kissing
and tongueing each other  aunt then buttoned me up  first kissing and
taking a mouthful of my prick for a moment between her lips  and then
putting him away  calling it  my pretty doodle   i seized the
expression  and said 

 dear aunt  you called it my prick just now  and begged me to fuck you 
and to shove it well into your cunt  are these the real names for my
doodle and your fanny  and what does  fuck  mean  my darling aunt  do
tell me  dear auntie  and teach me the language i ought to use when you
are so kindly relieving me of the pains of my now so frequent hardness 
i don t know whether you have observed it  dear auntie  but i never
enter this summer house with you  but it becomes painfully hard at once 
to be sure you give me such exquisite pleasure in relieving me that i
could wish to have constant hardnesses as long as you were near to calm
them  is this natural  dear aunt  or a disease  pray tell me  and teach
me all the endearing terms you so lavish upon me while i am reducing my
hardnesses  

my apparent simplicity evidently pleased her  she probably thought  too 
that as i must sooner or later really thoroughly understand the nature
of our intercourse  it would be much better she should  as it were  make
a confidant of me  and attach me more securely to herself  she begged me
to be seated and she fully explained everything to me  of course i was
even better acquainted than herself with all she communicated  but i
confirmed the idea she evidently entertained of her being my first
instructress by various naive remarks on all she was telling me  of
course i proved an apt scholar  and by my close put questions brought
out all her own knowledge  and left nothing for me to learn  at the end 
i said 

 do all women have such a delightful sheath cunt i mean between their
legs as you have  dear aunt  

 yes  my darling  but you must never stray to others  you will find none
so fond of you  or i may add  without vanity  so capable of satisfying
this dear fellow  but come  i see it will be dangerous to allow him to
stay here longer  

she rose  but i quickly unbuttoned and produced my prick in an almost
grander state than ever  i begged of her to let me have one more  fuck 
now that i knew what it all really meant  i put it into her hand  her
own previous descriptive lesson had aroused her lasciviousness  she
fondly grasped it  and stooping down  kissed it  saying she could not
resist its eloquent look  throwing herself back on the couch  with her
clothes up  her feet on the edge  and her legs apart  her glorious cunt
lay open in its moist magnificence  i threw myself on my knees and
gamahuched her until she spent  and now  knowing her greatest letch  i
instantly brought my bursting prick up to her foaming cunt  plunged in
and began a furious movement  accompanying it with all the most
endearing bawdy phrases she had just  as she thought  taught me 

 oh  my most gloriously cunted aunt  do i fuck you  wriggle your arse
faster that s it  do you feel my prick up to the hilt in your delicious
cunt  oh  what pleasure you do give me  

she replied as broadly  passing her hand down she pressed my cods  and
asked if thus squeezing my ballocks added to my pleasure 

 oh  yes  my love  your cunt  your arse  your bubbies  are all
delicious  oh  i never before knew there could be such additional
pleasure to our fucking as using these endearing words produce  

we were both so excited by the bawdy terms we so profusely used that we
went off in the utmost excess of ecstasy  and died away thoroughly
satiated with our libidinous and most lasciviously delicious fuck  it
was time to finish  so sliding off her  i again buried my face in her
delicious gaping and foaming cunt  my mouth  lips  nose  and cheeks were
covered with sperm  she drew me to her lips and licked it all off  then
repairing our disordered dress we returned to the house  and found the
doctor impatiently awaiting us  our flushed and excited faces at once
showed that we had been indulging in the greatest excess  he joked aunt
upon her skill in allaying such frequent attacks as i now appeared
subject to 

aunt informed him that she had inadvertently in her lust made use of
expressions which had betrayed so much to me that she had found it
necessary to leave me nothing more to learn  and i was now fully aware
of the true nature of our connection  after luncheon he himself might
further enlighten me  for she was certain that complete confidence would
be the best policy to pursue  it must come about  sooner or later  and
it was far better it should come from him than that i should learn it
elsewhere  he said she was quite right  and that he would further
instruct me after luncheon  so we set to work on the viands before us 
to which i did ample justice 

i was thus  as they supposed  newly initiated in the mysteries of the
coition of the sexes  i shall reserve further details of our more
intimate and expansive experiences for the third volume of this true
romance of lust  and still of early experiences 

end of volume ii 




volume iii 


contents


aunt brownlow harry dale mrs  dale and ellen mrs  d  ellen mrs  d   dr 
brownlow  and harry

after the luncheon  which closed the last volume  a churchwarden
occupied uncle for about an hour  when he had left off  uncle proposed a
walk in the garden  i could see at once what this was meant to lead to 
as he almost immediately turned in the direction of the summer house 
when we got there he sat down on the couch  and begged me to sit beside
him  he opened the subject at once by saying 

 my dear charlie  i am very much pleased that your aunt has opened your
eyes to the real nature of our actions with you  which your simple
innocence had imagined to be a mere kindly relief to the overgorged
vessels of your virile member  accident might have made you acquainted
with this through some less interested channel  and you might have
innocently betrayed your future position  i believe you to possess a
large fund of good sense and discretion  and the advice i shall give you
as to the conduct to pursue in future will not only be received with
confidence as meant for your future good  but listened to attentively
and acted upon  the world  my dear boy  and by that i mean society in
general  condemns the practices we have lately been indulging in with
you  their narrow prejudices ignore the fact that nature alone prompts
to these delightful acts  and that the great god of nature gifted us
with the powers necessary for their performance  but  as the world has
chosen to brand them with its censure  men of prudence  like myself 
whilst apparently conforming outwardly to such stupid prejudices  know
how in secret to fully enjoy them  i am blessed in your darling aunt
with a wife who fully understands and humours my desires  she is rarely
splendid in the glorious beauties of her body  and in temperament hot as
the most erotic of our sex could desire  even in your ignorance you must
have felt the wonderful power of conferring carnal ecstatic pleasure she
possesses  and have heard how  in the energy of her passion  she allowed
her lust to betray her into the use of grossly bawdy terms  but which 
as they have enlightened you when best prepared to receive such
knowledge  is rather fortunate than otherwise  i speak thus frankly to
you  my dear boy  because i have found you of a rare facility in giving
and receiving erotic pleasures  and of a temperament worthy of the
descent from the same stock as your aunt  you are worthy of each other 
and formed to enjoy to the utmost each other s carnal delights  and i
bless my happy star that has brought you both under my own roof 
henceforth there must be no secrets between us  it was at my earnest
wish that your aunt relieved you  and  of course i had my own object in
view  in the first place i require some extra excitement to be able
myself to indulge in these delightful combats in love s domain  you and
your aunt s copulations were to me more exciting than you can imagine 
you will have observed  too  what is the real quarter to which  when
excited  i pay my devoirs  glorious as is the backside of your
incomparable aunt  your young charms  virgin in that respect  excited me
still more  i began by gentle touches  and then tried the insertion of
my finger  when i saw you were far too busy operating within the orbit
of your lustful and lusty aunt to observe or even feel what i was doing 
i found a facility about your bottom as perfect for enjoyment as your
truly magnificent prick or cock was fitted for operating in its way  it
was then i suggested to your aunt to mount upon you  and afterwards made
you aware that your aunt possessed another aperture which could equally
well allay what you then looked upon as a source of pain  my object was
to lead you to the same point  your innocent docility lent itself with
easy simplicity to all my desires  i saw that you entered readily into
your aunt s glorious bum hole  and allowed me to work with two fingers
in your own  finding that it rather gave you pleasure than otherwise  i
proposed to abate my own stiffness in your bottom  your affectionate
docility enabled me to obtain unfailing ecstasy  your after fucking of
me  while i was in my wife s bottom  conferred the utmost erotic bliss
upon me  as you have experienced when operating and being operated upon 
these these are the moments of a felicity your stupid prejudiced
worldlings know nothing of  and these are the pleasures which  now that
we have initiated you into all their secret mysteries  we will enjoy to
the utmost  to the true votaries of these love orgies grossness of
language is a stimulant to passion 
fuck frig bugger cunt prick ballocks bubbies arse hole are all sacred
words only to be pronounced when in the exercise of love s mysteries  at
all other times a guarded decency of word  act  and gesture is
imperative  as enhancing the delight of an unbridled vocabulary in the
voluptuary of raging lust  i shall from time to time inculcate sage
precepts on this point enough for the present  let us now indulge in
mutual embraces  

so ending  he took me in his arms and glued his lips to mine  our
tongues met  both our hands wandered  his on my prick  which immediately
responded to the touch  my hand was placed on his prick  but which was
only at half cock  i rapidly unbuttoned  and brought it forth  then
stooping i took it in my mouth  and sucked it and fingered the root with
my hand  then passing my other hand below  i sought to penetrate with my
finger into the interior of his fundament  he rose to a standing
position to enable me to enter his anus more easily  his prick quickly
standing fiercely showed how much i excited him  i ceased not until he
was in an agony of pleasure forcing my head down on his prick until it
entered almost completely into my mouth  and shooting his sperm right
down my throat  i continued to suck and frig him until i produced
somewhat of a restiffening of his prick  he begged me to rise  that he
might take mine in his mouth  desiring me at the same time to take off
my trousers and lie down on the couch  i did so  he knelt at my side 
and first handling and examining it with loudly expressed admiration of
my noble weapon  he took its head in his mouth  and then with his hand
on its lower shaft  and finger up my fundament  brought on a similar
crisis as that i had produced on himself  he just as greedily swallowed
all  i had allowed my hand to fall down by the side of the couch  where
it encountered his prick  which had resumed its pristine vigour 

 come my dear uncle   said i   and let us put it into its favourite
corner  

i rose  and kneeling  turned my backside full in his face  he stooped 
caressed  kissed  and tongued the rosy orifice  with the plentiful
saliva with which the operation of sucking my prick had filled his
mouth  he moistened my bum hole and his own prick  and then easily
glided up to the hilt within my delighted backside  resting for a while
in all the ecstasies of insertion  which i heightened by my internal
pressures  he seized my prick which had stood again at once at the
pleasing sensation occasioned by the introduction of his prick in my
bottom  thus frigging my prick and fucking my arse  with occasional
pauses to lengthen out our pleasures  he at last brought matters to a
most exquisite termination  and died away in cries of joy as we poured
forth a mutual torrent of sperm  uncle continued soaking in all the
blissful after sensations  which i did everything in my power to enhance
by the delight giving pressures of my sphincter muscle  when he withdrew
and rose to his legs  he helped me up  and drew me to his bosom  and we
had a long kiss of gratified desire  tongueing each other the while  and
handling our ballocks with mutual gratification  my uncle was profuse in
his praises of my docility and aptitude  declaring that his pederastic
enjoyment of my person excelled all he had ever experienced in his long
practice of the habit  and my delicious sideways wriggle was superior to
the very fine bum fucking his adorable wife had the art of giving him 
then there was the further excitement of handling the very finest prick
he had ever met with 

 it is no flattery to you  my dear charles   he said   but mere justice
to its superb dimensions and admirable power  

here he stopped  and sucked anew its reeking head  getting a few more
drops out  we then purified ourselves a basin with water was kept in a
small cupboard purposely for such occasion  for i afterwards learned the
place had been the scene of innumerable contests of the same kind with
aunt and other boys  having readjusted our disordered habiliments  we
left the grounds  and took a long quiet walk in the fields  the good
doctor inculcating admirable advice to me  whom he considered an
innocent tyro in love s ways  nevertheless  all he taught me only
strengthened my high opinion of the wisdom of dear mrs  benson  and the
adorable frankland  whose opinion of what was likely to happen to me at
the rectory had been so quickly realised  we returned in time to dress
for dinner  the evening passed as the previous ones  i was conducted to
my room  and left alone to recruit my forces by a quiet night s rest  i
may here incidentally mention that it was a rule of uncle and aunt  very
rarely departed from  to send their favourites to their lonely couches
as a means of restoring their powers  and reinvigorating them for
daylight encounters both the dear creatures loving to have the fullest
daylight on all the charms of their participants in pleasure  at the
same time yielding an equally undisguised inspection of their own  this
was their principle reason  but they also considered it advisable as a
restorative  and a useful precaution not to overstrain the energies of
the youths they both so much enjoyed  my late experiences at home had
already taught me the advantage and utility of a quiet night s rest
after frequent contests in the fields of venus and juno 

i slept on this occasion with a deep and continuous slumber  until i was
awakened by my uncle  who came to summon me to the arms of his wife 
who  in the splendour of her full blown charms awaited me in her own
bed  naked as the day she was born  her arms outstretched  she invited
me to the full enjoyment of her glorious person  the doctor drew my
nightshirt over my head  and in a moment i was locked in the close
embrace of that superb creature  we were both too hot to wait for
further preliminaries  but went at it in furious haste  and rapidly paid
our first tribute to the god of love  the doctor had acted postillion to
both of us  with a finger up each anus  the exquisite pressures of my
aunt s cunt reinvigorated me almost without a pause  and we proceeded at
once to run a second course  uncle got three fingers into her divine
bottom hole  as her legs were thrown over my waist  and her immense
buttocks well thrown up enabled him to have full play between the cheeks
of her backside  this double operation made the dear lascivious creature
spend again in a very few movements  and giving her hardly time to
finish her discharge  i fucked on with double force  and with prick as
hard as wood  as fast i could work  this furious onset  which was the
most exciting thing she knew of  rapidly caused a third discharge  to
prevent my own prick from spending too quickly  i held somewhat back 
then again we went at it fast and furious  and the dear lustful
creature  with cries of joy  spent again with me  and fainted from
excess of pleasure  but her glorious cunt continued to throb on my
delighted prick  as if it would nip it off by the roots  i never met
with so lusciously large a cunt  or one with a greater power of
pressure  she could quite hold even an exhausted prick a complete
prisoner in these most delicious and velvety folds  great as was the
power of miss frankland s cunt in that way  aunt beat her  i may here
mention an occurrence that took place some time after this period  it
was during a rare opportunity from an accidental absence of the doctor 
when i was sleeping with my gloriously beautiful aunt  i had fucked her
to her heart s content before we slept  and again on waking  in full
daylight  after which we rose to relieve our natural wants  i laid
myself down on the floor  that i might completely see my dear aunt
piddle from her splendid cunt  it was a glorious sight  which instantly
fired my passions and was at once followed by a fuck on the floor  my
aunt s enormous backside being quite cushion enough  and we enjoyed the
novelty of the thing amazingly  she was loud in her praises of my
indefatigable prick  which  with its vigour and superb dimensions  was
beyond all she had ever seen or felt  and just fitted her large and
luscious cunt  which had never before been so well filled  this remark
reminded me of a desire i had long had to have a thorough investigation
of that immense and splendid object  i expressed a wish to that effect 

 my darling boy  anything you like  you could not have a better
opportunity  my legs point to the window  so you have the fullest
sight look  feel  frig  fuck  or bugger  all is at your free
disposition only give me a pillow from the bed  as the floor is too hard
for me to continue so long as you are likely to be  

i jumped up and gave her two pillows  then laying her limbs wide open 
with knees bent  the magnificence of that luscious cunt lay in all its
grandeur before me  i have before described what a large  but splendidly
proportioned woman she was small feet  and clear run ankles  large  but
admirably turned calves  very small knees  above which rose the very
finest and fleshiest of thighs  worthy supporters of what i have already
described as the largest and finest backside my eyes ever lighted on 
immense hips  and wonderfully and naturally small waist  above which
were her superb  large  fine  and firm bubbies that stood out when
naked  as hard and firm as those of the youngest of women  a charming
neck  and well posed head with most pleasing and beautiful features
crowned the whole  her arms were superb  and equal in proportion to her
other grand and splendid limbs  the flesh was of the most delicious
creamy white  without a spot or a blemish  the hair of the head 
plentiful in the extreme  and so long and thick that when undone it fell
all around her and below her superb buttocks  so that she could shake it
out all round  and completely hide her nakedness  often and often has
she allowed me to pose her in every way  and shake it out all over her 
and well she might  for no matter how often i might have fucked her
previously  it was sure to produce at least three more encounters  one
of which was always in her backside  a most favourite way with her and
which she declared was by far the most pleasurable provided the other
aperture had been previously well fucked  with such a taste  of course 
her greatest pleasure was to have two pricks in her at once  the  ne
plus ultra  of erotic satisfaction  to return to the inspection i was
about to describe  which was really the first at my full disposition 
for although i had often gamahuched  felt and seen the beautiful object 
it was when my passions were excited  and when the gratification of lust
alone prompted me  a state of mind opposed to close observation of
natural beauties  now  repeated tributes to the god of lust had cooled
my ardour for the moment  and left me to the perfect enjoyment of the
sight before me  with the temper to inspect its full blown beauties in
the minutest way  i have said before that my aunt had one of the
broadest  most prominent  and most beautiful mounts of venus that i ever
saw  it was thickly covered with beautiful silky fair curls  which did
not hinder you from seeing her exquisite skin below  the sweep round  to
pass between her thighs  was bold and graceful  in the middle was a well
defined semi circular depression  from whence the large  thick and
beautifully pouting lips of her cunt commenced  which in her present
position lay partially open  you could just see where the clitoris lay
snug  i have already observed that this was not largely developed  nor
were the inner labia of her cunt at all projecting  indeed  they were
not visible  unless her legs  with bent knees  were stretched apart  as
at present  on each side of these luscious pouting lips  and the long
immense pinky gash  was a triangle of considerable space  such  in fact 
as is only to be seen in a woman of the splendidly large proportions of
my aunt  this was covered as much as her mount with fair silky curls 
which ran down to her beautiful corrugated and rosy bottom hole  nothing
could be finer or more beautiful than the sight  as she thus lay fully
exposing every part in the broadest daylight  after handling and
admiring all  i laid the lips well back and apart  and there they kept
open  nothing could be more charming than the interior of that most
enchanting cunt  of an exquisite salmon pink in colour  nothing was out
of order  the clitoris  which bulged out in excitement from my touches
of all the parts around  lay first in the upper partition of the pouting
lips  then became below  slightly open  a charming entrance to the
urethra  larger than usual  to allow the mighty rush of waters to pour
from it when piddling  below this was the opening of the vagina  which i
parted with my fingers  and could see even to the corrugated sides of
that exquisite pleasure giving sheath  then followed some sinuosity of
pinky flesh  whose duty it was to stretch to allow the largest prick to
penetrate  half an inch beyond was the rosy orifice of her bottom  such
was the exquisite scene before my delighted eyes  i proceeded with my
internal examination  thrusting in three fingers of each hand  i forced
open by literal pressure the lips  until i could see to a depth of four
or five inches  it was a most beautiful sight  the sheath appeared to
have ribs running round it about half an inch apart  and i could see
they were the means of causing the exquisite pressures her cunt could so
ecstatically exercise  indeed  excited by my  attouchements   i could
see them contracting and relaxing  it was  doubtless  these ribs that
seemed to exercise a sort of peristaltic motion on the prick  when
reposing at full stand in that glorious cunt  i was able so widely to
open this splendid vagina that i thought i would try to get my hand
altogether in  projecting my fingers forward  with the first and fourth
drawn under the middle ones and the thumb between  i pushed them
forward  and as the whole cunt was reeking with my last discharge  and
was well lubricated  i glided on  there was a little difficulty at the
knuckles  but i exerted a slight  gentle pressure  and in all went  aunt
winced a little  and asked what i was doing  i told her 

 it is all in  my darling  

 yes  auntie  

she closed upon it  and squeezed it quite hard 

 oh  how nice   she exclaimed   push it further in  

i advanced  and could feel the end of her womb  which appeared like
three points to fingers and the thumb drawn together  and looked at
endways is something like what it felt of course  without the nails 
aunt asked me if i could double my fist where it was  i had no
difficulty  as the part yielded to the greater bulk  aunt cried out 

 my darling boy  that is delicious  push it further in  

i did so  and began working within her  backwards and forwards  she
wriggled her splendid backside in ecstasy  and before i had made a dozen
movements  poured down upon my hand and arm a torrent of almost boiling
liquid  and went off with a cry of enjoyment  her arms and legs relaxed 
and she lay quite still in the utmost after enjoyment  but with a
pressure on my arm and fist quite wonderful  knowing how she liked the
movement to be continued at such a moment  i worked in and out slowly 
she soon recovered  and again seconded my movements  and again went off
in all the fury of lust  accompanied with shouts of excitement  urging
faster movements  and again went off in all the fury of her most
libidinous nature  and spent most profusely  all this had now brought me
into as furious a state as herself  i wanted to withdraw and substitute
my prick  not only from the state of excitement i was in  but also to
experience the effects of such a well stretched cunt upon my
lesser sized weapon  but so tight did my aunt hold my imprisoned hand
that i could not withdraw  i begged her to let it go  as i wanted to
fuck her instantly  but she prayed me to give her one more of such
exquisite manoeuvres  it was a joy beyond anything she had ever before
experienced  so she begged her darling boy to join  on i went as she
desired  and a more exciting picture of furious lust never met my sight 
i helped her final discharge by thrusting two fingers in her bum hole 
never shall i forget the grip she gave my arm and fingers when she
spent  it was positively painful  and showed the enormous force of
passionate lust  she went off in such a fury of excitement that i
thought she had fainted outright  but her pressures continued all the
time  it was long before she recovered her senses  and my arm was
aching  and my prick bursting  at last she exclaimed 

 oh  where am i  i have been in paradise  

 dear aunt   i cried   do let me out  i am bursting to fuck you  and i
can t get my arm out  if you don t relax your grip of my wrist  

 i can t help it  my dear boy  it is involuntary  put your other hand on
my mount  and pull steadily  but not with a jerk  

i did so  and really it required considerable force to withdraw it 
notwithstanding i had previously unclenched my hand  i jumped
immediately upon her  and at one bound plunged into that vast cavity  up
to the cods  it immediately closed upon me  and tight as she usually
held me  she really appeared to do so this time tighter than ever  so
wonderfully gifted was that longest  highest  and most luscious cunt i
ever fucked  you may easily imagine the rapid ending of such raging
lust  i spent with cries more like the braying of a donkey than any
other sound  and then lay like one dead on that glorious belly  with
head reposing between the firm and splendid bubbies  aunt clasping me to
her bosom  panting with all it had just granted  we lay long in ecstatic
trance of the delicious after sensations  our mutual internal throbbings
gradually re excited all our passions  with renewed ardour i quickly
made my lascivious and libidinous aunt spend again on my delighted
prick  which kept ramming at her during the swoon like pause which
spending produced  she had taught me this was exquisite delight to her 
she soon resumed the full swing of her lust  but suddenly stopping 
said 

 charlie  my darling  withdraw  and shove it in behind   she quickly
turned round  with great agility  prompted by the excess of her desires 
i was behind her in an instant  and as my prick was reeking with the
fuck she had just so plentifully bedewed it with  and the divine lower
orifice had also received its tricklings  i had no difficulty in pushing
firmly but not too forcibly right up to the meeting of her stupendous
buttocks and my belly  she sighed deeply with delight  when she felt me
fully imbedded  and began the delicious side wriggle  while i remained
for some minutes quiet  that i might enjoy the superb beauty of those
mighty orbs  in all their play of passion  aunt grew furious with lust 
her hand was actively frigging both clitoris and cunt  she called out to
me to shove on  two or three thrusts on my part  and the dear  lecherous
creature again poured down her nature  i paused to restrain my own
discharge  but made my prick throb within its most exquisite sheath 
which never ceased responding most deliriously  it was but for a minute
or two  when my own fierce passion drove me to very energetic action  my
delighted aunt seconded my movements  fast and furious grew our sport 
until  with cries of the wildest lust  we both spent deliciously
together  i sank on her glorious bottom and back  and by embracing her
superb bubbies with both hands  until her exquisite pressures again
renewed my forces  and drove me on to another delightful career  in
which again the hot lust of my aunt drew down from her several
discharges to my one  at last we sank both together  in all the joys of
fully satiated desire  again i lay for some time on that broad and
beauteous back  until aunt said i must withdraw  as she had great
natural want  i instantly withdrew  out he came with a loud plop 
followed immediately by a tremendous succession of farts  aunt professed
to be quite horrified  but i only burst into a loud fit of laughter and
told the dear creature to fart  piss  or shit  whenever she felt
inclined  i should only love her the better  she said she must at once
do the latter  and was running off to the water closet as soon as she
could hurry on some clothes  but i drew out the chamber  and begged her
to sit down there at once  it would give me pleasure and excite me as
well  she was too hard pressed to hesitate  so sitting down  she had a
 hell of a let fly  as a military friend of mine used to say  i stooped
over her back  caressed her bubbies and when she turned up her delighted
face  our lips were glued together in a loving kiss  while my nose
sniffed the really delicious odour that came from her  when she had
done  she begged me to hand her a towel to wipe herself 

 no  no  my darling aunt  nothing of the sort  stoop down forward on to
your knees  and i will lick the delicious orifice clean with my tongue  

she laughed  kissed me  and told me i was a darling boy  just after her
own heart  but hardly expected i had already acquired the tastes of my
uncle  the rector  whose letch lay in that practice  she let herself
down on her knees as her sublime arse raised itself from the pot  and
stooping her head low down  presented her immense buttocks before me 
with the chink between well stretched open  i move the pot on one side 
threw myself on hands and knees  and eagerly kissing the exquisite
orifice  greedily licked it clean  and thrusting my tongue well within 
rolled it about  to the great delight of dear aunt  whose passions were
instantly aroused  and her divine backside began to wriggle  i shoved my
thumb up her cunt  and frigged until she spent  meanwhile my own unruly
member had become distended to his full size  and was throbbing with
desire  so raising my body erect  i brought him again to the rosy
orifice i had just been tongueing  and to my aunt s infinite delight 
again housed him as far as he could go  and again began active
operations  which i continued until aunt s lasciviousness again made her
spend  i paused a little after this  or otherwise i should have gone off
myself  stooping over the glorious bottom  i replaced her hand with my
own  and began frigging her clitoris  till her passions  again excited 
made her begin ecstatic movements  in which i joined until the grand
crisis seized us both together  ushered in with cries of joy  we spent 
and sank down sideways on the floor in quite a death swoon of ecstatic
and satisfied lust  here we lay quite exhausted for some time  at last
aunt let me out  and begged me to rise 

 i must purify you  my darling boy  as you did me   and seizing my limp
prick in her mouth she sucked it clean  until she began to feel symptoms
of the resurrection of the flesh  she hastily rose  and said 

 no  charlie  you have done far too much tonight  i must see you to your
bed  that you may get at least a couple of hours sleep  

she took up my nightshirt  threw it over me  led me to my bedroom 
tenderly embraced me  and thanked me for such a night of pleasure as she
had never in all her life enjoyed the equal  then locking me in  she
retired to her own bed  it may well be supposed that after such
exertions  i slept the sleep of the just for many hours  my aunt had
frequently come to look at me  but seeing me in so sound a slumber 
would not have me disturbed a politic proceeding  as it resulted in a
fuller indulgence in the summer house that day than would have happened
if my powers had not been restored by refreshing sleep 

this kind of life had been going on for nearly three weeks  the doctor
became less easy to move  one morning i had fucked my aunt twice  the
doctor s prick at the end of the second had stiffened to about half
stand  i took it into my mouth  which  with handling his ballocks and
postillioning his bottom hole  brought him up to the full standard  he
proposed to bugger aunt while i did the same kind office to himself  a
caprice seized me  and i proposed  on the contrary  that we should both
fuck aunt s capacious cunt at once  aunt  for form s sake  cried out
against it  but the idea tickled the fancy of my uncle  who would not
only enjoy all the beauties of my aunt s glorious backside in motion 
but could postillion her as well  so i lay down on my back  aunt mounted
me  and presented her splendid bum to the attack of her excited husband 
he first thrust his prick up to the hilt in her luscious and
well bedewed cunt  when well lubricated  he withdrew  to allow me to
make my place in full possession  then bringing his stiff standing prick
against the root of mine  pressing it well down  he gently shoved
forward  and gradually sheathed himself within the well stretched and
capacious orbit of my aunt  who winced a little in pretended pain  but
who  by the grip she immediately gave to the double fuck within her 
showed how much gratified she was  after a pause of enjoyment  i gave
the signal for exact joint movements  both pulling out gently  and
sliding slowly in again  two or three thrusts  aided by the doctor s
finger in her bottom hole  sufficed to make dear lecherous aunt spend
profusely  we increased our speed  but still not fast  which quickly
reawakened all aunt s lust  before we ourselves were ready  the dear
lascivious creature again poured down her nature  boiling hot  on our
delighted pricks  this produced such excitement upon us that we could no
longer restrain our own desire to come to the ecstatic conclusion  our
movements became more rapid  we each felt the electric like sensation of
the approaching crisis  aunt doubly felt the influence of our increasing
speed and hardness  and was as ready as ourselves to pour down the
tribute to the goddess of love or lust  holy mother venus  the novelty 
the pressure  and the excess of pleasure declared itself in the loud
cries of the last crisis  as we all died away in the enrapturing
sensations produced by the intense satisfaction our desires had
experienced  we lay long wrapped in the after ecstasy  aunt s delicious
internal movements began again  the doctor s prick had shrunk to a merry
piece of inanimate dough  and he withdrew  begging us at the same time
to change our position  and let him enjoy seeing me attack my aunt in
rear  this inflamed me at once  aunt rolled from off me  i took my place
behind  and we ran a most delicious course  rendered much more excitable
to me by the introduction of uncle s two fingers up my fundament  which
kept time with my action in the delicious aperture of my aunt s most
superb and glorious backside  the movements of which beneath my
delighted gaze had not been the least stimulating part of the enjoyment 
the crisis was most ecstatic  and i sank exhausted on her broad buttocks
and beautiful back  to clasp her lovingly in my arms and sob out bawdy
terms of the warmest endearment  the doctor  who had very much enjoyed
the sight  but who pointed out the sadly downcast state of his prick 
which had been in no wise excited by the scene  said to his wife 

 my darling  we must have recourse to the grand remedy  i will also
initiate dear charlie into a new mystery of love  of which he can have
no idea  

i guessed at once what he meant  but professing extreme ignorance  i
begged him to tell me what it was  aunt rose and said 

 my darling  your uncle requires his blood to be excited by flogging his
buttocks with a birch rod  

 how odd   said i   i never felt anything but the severest pain when i
was flogged  and i took precious good care not to deserve it again  how
then can it excite  

 you shall see  my dear  

she opened her wardrobe and produced a formidable rod of fine fresh cut
birch twigs  the doctor begged me to lie down on my back he got over me 
and we commenced sucking each other s pricks  mine stood at once  as the
doctor  in addition to sucking  thrust a couple of fingers up my
bottom hole  and frigged away as fast as he sucked  the doctor s
buttocks were left at the mercy of aunt  who flogged away at them with
no gentle hand  i spent before the doctor could quite get his prick to
standing point  but the copious torrent i poured into his mouth  and his
after suction on my prick  in addition to the red raw state of his
buttocks  at last brought him up to full stand  he wanted to put it into
me when ready  but aunt said that as flogger she had herself become
greatly excited  and must have it herself 

 while this dear prick   throwing herself on it  and sucking it   shall
fuck me at the same time  

i was quite ready  and she straddled across me  and guided my now
longing prick into her luscious cunt  she soon stopped  and we tongued
each other while the doctor was mounting to the assault on her delicious
bottom hole  as soon as he was housed  we began another charming course 
in which aunt  as usual  spent frequently before our less lecherous
natures were ready to join in one general and exquisite discharge  we
went off in furies of delighted lust  and then sank exhausted in the
delicious after sensation  we long lay in the sweet inanition and luxury
of satiated lust  at last we disconnected ourselves  rose  and laved
each other with cold water  more as a restorative than as a
purification  aunt and i had two bouts after one in front and one
behind  the doctor would not allow a fresh application of the birch  as
he said it would only produce so great an exhaustion as would require
days to restore  i retired after this  but ever afterwards the doctor
was regularly birched before he could even copulate once  sometimes he
required to flog my aunt s glorious bum to excite his fading powers 
declaring that it was almost as exciting as being flogged  he even gave
it me gently  although i hardly ever required it  but i professed my
surprise at its efficiency 

the holidays were at an end  but i was as yet the only boarder  there
were  however  some twenty or thirty youths from the neighbourhood  who
were day scholars at the doctor s school  among these the doctor had his
pick in the flogging way  but he never allowed them to know anything of
our other proceedings  or to imagine that the birching which took place
was otherwise than as a punishment for faults or inattention  however  i
was generally the chosen companion of these whippings  in which i acted
as horse  or holder of the boy to be flogged  of course i took good care
to expose as much as possible their lovely cocks  as well as their plump
bottoms  and as this excited me as well as the doctor  it often ended 
after the culprit was dismissed  in my flogging the doctor  followed by
a mutual rack off in each other s bottoms 

there was one fine  plump  girlish looking youth  named dale  who was
here for the first half  he had not as yet been brought up for
punishment  although the doctor had confided to me the letch he had
taken to flog his fine fat bottom  one day  master dale brought a sealed
note from his widowed mother  who lived about a mile from the village 
in a charming cottage ornee  the doctor read the note  by chance i was
looking at him  and saw a smile of joy light up his features 

 come here  master dale   said he in a mild and gentle voice   your
mother tells me that you have behaved in a most shameful manner to your
pretty young cousin  who is residing with your mamma  

master dale blushed scarlet  for he was not aware until now that anyone
had been a witness to the scene that had taken place between him and his
pretty cousin 

this was what had passed  the cousin  a lovely girl of fifteen  was in a
secluded spot in the garden  near an arbour  the preceding afternoon 
she was bending down  tying up a flower close to the ground  which made
her stoop to such a degree that she could only reach it with ease by
having her legs wide apart  her back was towards the walk by which young
dale was advancing  as he approached unheard by her  he could not fail
to see peeping out between the stretched open expanse of snowy drawers
the inner part of her well rounded globes of dimpled ivory  her shift
had somehow worked upwards  and revealed all the charms of her delicate
young bum and plump white thighs  the sight inflamed the youth beyond
measure  he crept up noiselessly quite close to her  and  stooping down
until his head was below the level of her raised petticoat  he feasted
his eyes for some time with the lovely prospect before him  her little
virgin rosebud slit  its pink and pouting lips  plump little mount
already delicately shaded with a curly foliage that promised soon to be
much more dense  together with the swell of her lovely young thighs and
calves  all this was quite unsuspected by the object of his admiration 
who was absorbed in her garden operations  at length  however  the
excited youth could not resist the temptation of applying his soft warm
hand to the parts he was admiring  which made miss scream slightly she
thinking it was some insect up her petticoats exclaiming 

 oh  dear  oh  dear  

but turning her head round  she discovered the delinquent 

 forgive me  ellen dear  but really you exposed so very pretty a sight
while stooping that upon my word i could not help it  

now girls are curious as well as boys  perhaps more so  and if the truth
must be told  miss had for some time past longed for an opportunity to
become better acquainted with things in general  and  therefore  thought
here was a chance not to be thrown away  so  after some little show of
resistance on her part  for decency s sake  it was agreed between them
that he should have a good look at  hers   if he would afterwards show
her  his   miss ellen had never seen a male  diddle   as she and her
young playfellows called it  not even that of a boy  and she was all
excitement and expectation to feel with her own hand the  funny thing  
for so a communicative servant maid had described it  who at the same
time had fully explained the theory of its use  which made miss long to
obtain some practical knowledge also  so to the arbour they both
adjourned  miss ellen first lay back upon the seat  while the young
rogue unfastened her drawers  and pulling them down  feasted his eyes
with a full view of her virgin charms as long as he pleased  for miss
ellen was a lecherous little maid  who really felt a precocious pleasure
in being thus exposed to the close observation and admiration of one of
the opposite sex  although for form s sake she covered her blushing face
with her delicate little hands  he touched  it   pressed  it   rubbed
 it  with his finger  her thighs trembled and opened  taught by nature 
he imprinted a burning kiss on the lovely little quim before him  she
sighed  and mechanically put her hand on his head and pressed it closer
to her naked skin  guided by his feelings  he indulged in movements of
his lips and pressures which speedily excited the amorous little maid to
such an extent as to make her give down with a deep and trembling sigh
the first tribute of her virgin cunt  feeling the warm liquid oozing
from the pouting orifice on his closely pressed lips  he could not help
tasting it with his tongue  this reawakened very quickly the
sensibilities of the lecherous little thing  and awoke her to the desire
to practise a like pleasure with his cock  so reminding him of his
promise  she made him stand up before her  while she undid his trousers
with her fairy fingers  all trembling with excitement  and drew out his
stiff affair  which already gave promise of a very respectable future 
now swollen to a size it had never before known  delighted at the sight
of so bewitching a plaything  she made him lie down as she had done  and
kneeling beside him  with cheeks glowing with excitement  she closely
examined every part of the rampant little member  strange to say  no
hand  hardly even its owner s  had as yet invaded its virgin precincts 
and it had not yet had its ruby head fully uncovered  although he was
upwards of fifteen  the delight caused by the touch of her warm hand
pressing and encircling his stiffened cock was most exquisite  she was
not long  however  before she became curious to see what could possibly
be underneath the skin that covered its rounded head  in her toying she
sought to draw the skin back over the head  a slight cry of pain from
him caused her to stop  but when  be she young or be she old  is a
woman s curiosity to be baulked  she had managed to draw it back a short
way  and now it suddenly occurred to her that by the help of a little
moisture her object might be accomplished without hurting the dear
fellow  by an impulse of passion she stooped and took the rosy head into
her delicious little mouth  closing her coral lips around it  and
lubricating it with her tongue  to the intense gratification of the
youth  who involuntarily wriggled his body about voluptuously  and could
not help raising it up to her mouth  this movement  combined with the
pressure of the lips  perfectly succeeded  without further pain  in
completely unhooding the charming little cock she was so deliciously
embracing in the soft folds of her lips  she lifted up her head to see
the result  the tight foreskin had closed below the nut  and left the
now fiery red head bursting with excitement  and visibly throbbing with
intensity of passion  her joy and delight at this full revelation of the
 funny thing   as she continued to call it  now knew no bounds  she
drove him nearly frantic with her ardent caresses she again drew the
covering over the vermilion head  and still finding that it did not
easily return again  she thrust her head down upon it  and with lips 
mouth  and tongue began again her attempt to unhood it  poor dale was
brought up to the wildest state of excitement  his hands involuntarily
pressed down her head  his body rose to meet it  and at that ravishing
instant the grand crisis seized him  and  with a cry of delight  he shot
forth his first tribute to venus within the delicious mouth in which he
was enclosed  the ecstatic gush poured down the throat of the dear girl 
and she gulped it all down by the mere effort to avoid choking  poor
dale s hands fell down insensibly from her head  which she instantly
withdrew  and gazed on the youth  to her great surprise she beheld the
so lately rampant weapon drooping its head and withdrawing within its
shell  while some few drops of a milky white creamy like liquid were
slowly oozing from the small orifice of its head  while she gazed it
reduced itself to a mere shadow of its former state  and the foreskin
slowly covered again the so lately fiery and bursting head  she was lost
in wonder  and was about to express her surprise at the strangeness of
the whole affair  but they now became aware that footsteps were
approaching  fortunately for them  as they thought  the noise of the
gravel underfoot was distinguishable at such a distance that they had
time to arrange their clothes  and when dale s mother appeared at the
arbour  she found them  on entering  quietly seated and talking
together  and thanks to the youth s discharge in his cousin s sweet
mouth  without any tell tale flushings of his face  little did they
suspect she had already seen all 

this then was master dale s misconduct  and this it was that had been
fully and minutely detailed in the note sent by this mother to the
doctor  with a request that he should punish him well in whatever way he
should think proper  the note further begged to know the terms for his
becoming a boarder with the doctor  as she could no longer have him
residing in her house with her orphan niece  whose guardian she was  you
may easily imagine the double delight of the doctor  another boarder  a
point of some consequence to him after a previous scandal which 
although hushed up  had deprived him of house pupils  and now with two 
he foresaw a quick return to his full number  and then his delight at
having to flog young dale  and the erotic pleasure of drawing from him
the exciting description of their young loves and voluptuous actions 

 now master dale   said the doctor   you and i have an account to
settle  follow me  

and without a word further he led him into his private room  where  as
was generally understood in the school  he birched the worst offenders 
arrived in the room alone with the young culprit  he locked the door 
and taking a large cutting birch rod from a closet  sat down on a sofa 
he called the youth to him and told him to unbutton and let down his
trousers  and tuck up his shirt well under his waistcoat  this being
done  the doctor said 

 now  master dale  we shall see if this birch will cool your itching for
feeling your pretty cousin s private parts  

poor dale had never yet been punished more severely than by the hand of
his mamma  and certainly trembled at the sight of the formidable birch
rod threatening his now bare bottom  yet  notwithstanding his fears  the
allusion to the pretty private parts of his cousin so fired his
imagination that his cock instantly stiffened and stood out  to the
infinite delight of the doctor  who augured therefrom a future further
felicity  keeping him standing close beside him  and enjoying the sight
of his youthful charms so deliciously exposed immediately before his
eyes  he proceeded 

 so  master dale  you have  it seems  been gratifying yourself with
looking and feeling between the legs and thighs of a pretty young girl
of fifteen  your cousin  is she not  

 yes  sir   sobbed out the youth 

the doctor s gaze was fixed upon the stiff and rampant member of the
youth  watching the throbbings produced by every allusion to the
luscious scene of the day before 

 now  come  tell me all about it   said he  putting his arm round the
sobbing boy s waist  and making him stand still closer beside him   was
she such a very pretty girl  

another throb of the rampant member 

 yes  sir  

 and you saw all her legs  thighs  plump little bottom  rosy pouting
little  slit     throb   throb   throb    moist with the dew of
excitement and amorous play eh  

the little machine seemed ready to burst at the thought of it 

 and did it have the same effect as i see it now has on  this   dear me 
how naughty it is  

and here the lecherous doctor took the rampant little cock in his hand
and pressed it 

 and what did she do to this  did she touch it so   squeezing it gently 

 yes  sir   stammered out the youth  who was getting greatly excited 

 and so   said the doctor  passing his hand gently and caressingly up
and down the stiffened and throbbing little cock 

 yes  sir  

 and so  too  i ll be bound   pushing back the foreskin off the head 
and as quickly replacing it  several times 

 ye es  oh  sir  oh  oh  

the boy s feelings  as the doctor swiftly frigged his cock  began to be
exquisite  the doctor could not resist the temptation of bringing things
to a crisis  clasping the youth tightly with one arm  he continued his
toying with the plaything in a quick exciting manner  apparently without
reflecting upon what he was about  uttering  at intervals 

 dear me   and  how naughty it was of you  but how pretty she must have
been to tempt you to do so  was it not  

the lovely youth was now in paradise  in the exquisite sensations of
pleasure he felt he was losing all consciousness when the doctor
suddenly stopped short and said 

 this is indeed  a pretty piece of business  seducing your young cousin 
you must be cured of such doings in future by means of a good flogging
with an excellent birch rod  and on this your saucy bottom  

here he let fall the arm that had clasped the boy s waist  and let his
hand wander over the plump  hard  and lovely orbs  the doctor now took
up the rod which he had previously dropped to occupy his hand with the
charming young prick he had just been so deliciously frigging  shaking
the rod angrily at the now trembling youth  he exclaimed  in a fierce
voice 

 now  you young rascal  down  down on your knees  and beg to be
flogged  

the poor boy was forced  trembling  to obey  this over  the doctor
commanded the delinquent to lie down across the sofa  reluctantly he
complied  but at last he straddled across it with his snow white plump
backside fully bared to view  and a fair mark to the threatening rod  he
looked like a young adonis displaying his beauties to a satyr  the
doctor was greatly excited at the lovely prospect  and gloated his eyes
on the beautiful display  and  then and there  there sprang up a
determination to fully enjoy the ravishing of these virgin charms before
many weeks were over  lifting the rod on high  he cried out 

 now  you young villain  i ll teach you to look up young ladies 
petticoats again  i warrant  

clasping him tight round the waist  the rod descended smartly on the
lovely hillocks of the boy s charming backside 

 there  there   cried the doctor at each blow 

 oh  sir  oh  do pray forgive me   screamed the beautiful youth  as he
felt the stinging strokes descend on his hitherto virgin posteriors 

 oh sir  oh  sir  i ll never do so any more  oh  sir  i won t indeed 
oh  pray  sir  have mercy  

the doctor  whose erotic passions were fully aroused  was deaf to all
his entreaties  and kept on flogging harder and harder  and faster and
faster while the poor boy s bottom bounded and tossed upon the sofa  but
he was kept in a firm position by the strong arm of the doctor  who  to
hold him the faster  had laid hold of the stiff cock still at full
stand 

 no  no   said he   you shall not escape my cuts  i assure you   cutting
at the lovely delicate buttocks with all his might 

 oh  oh  sir  mercy  mercy  i can t bear it  

 you must bear it  you young rascal you shall have no mercy until i have
made your bottom bleed for your crime  

the poor youth  from the pain he was suffering  bounded up and down on
the sofa as he felt the stinging blows descend upon his bottom  this
action caused his standing cock to rub up and down in the doctor s warm
hand  who seemed to have accidently laid hold of it  the effect was such
that the poor youth hardly knew whether he felt most pleasure or pain 
for while his posteriors were of a burning heat  the warmth flew to the
opposite part  which was so deliciously clasped in the doctor s
caressing hand  he ground his teeth with pleasure and pain  he ceased to
cry out  but sobbed and moaned with the excess of indefinable feelings 
the doctor never ceased lecturing him  dwelling continually on the
beauties of his lovely young cousin and the scene in the arbour  he
thought but of her  of her lovely pink little slit so sweetly shaded
with soft downy short curls  how she had so charmingly caressed his
cock  until he felt a heave and a shudder  another  a sensation as if he
was going to expire  a short cry  a catching of his breath  wildly and
vigorously he thrust his member down on the doctor s warm hand  he shut
his eyes  he felt not the rod  although the doctor redoubled the strokes
with all the force of his arm  and drew blood at every cut  a bound  a
convulsive start  and he felt as if his lifeblood were coming from
him out it spurted in large drops on the sofa and on the doctor s hand 
the youth had with difficulty shed another tribute to venus  for a
moment or two he felt as if in paradise  but a sharp cut from the rod
quickly aroused him  he was soon fully alive again to its tortures 

 why  you young rascal  what is this you have been doing on my best
sofa  eh  sir   said the doctor 

another sharp stroke demanded a reply 

 i  sir  oh  sir  indeed i that is indeed  i don t know  

 no lies or evasions here  sir  for they will not avail you  your bottom
shall pay for this nastiness  why  what is it  what can it be  i never
saw the like of this in my life  i declare   and he examined it with his
eyeglass  saying more to the same effect 

poor master dale was  we know  quite in the dark as to what it could be 
or how it came there 

 has this ever occurred to you before   asked the doctor 

 yes  sir  yesterday  when my cousin was caressing it in her mouth  
replied the frightened youth   but i really don t know how it happened 
and did not mean any harm  

 oh  indeed   said the doctor   your mother did not mention that  did
she see you  

 no  sir  it happened just as she was coming through the shrubbery  and
was all over before she reached the arbour  

 and so your cousin took it into her mouth  why did she do that  

 she was curious to see what was under the skin of its head  and finding
it would not go back without hurting me  she put it into her mouth to
wet it and make it go back easier  which it did for the first time  she
pulled it forward again  and again put it into her mouth to push the
skin back with her lips  when i felt funny all over  and something came
out of me into her mouth  

 indeed  well  you must tell me all about that another time  this
flogging will be enough for the present  but i shall punish you for your
nastiness some other time  put up your trousers  in a day or two i shall
want you in this room to pay for your dirty conduct  

the poor boy retired  sobbing hysterically 

the second day after this the doctor sent for master dale  who  in the
meantime  had occupied the bedroom next to mine  the doctor was in his
private room in his dressing gown  long and flowing  so that for the
moment it concealed the fact that he had nothing but his shirt on below
it  he received master dale somewhat sternly  saying 

 now  sir  for your punishment for your last nasty misconduct  

 oh  sir   said the frightened and trembling youth   i really could not
help it   and he began to cry   oh  pray  sir  don t flog me so hard
again  

 the more trouble that you give me  the harder will be the flogging  now
take off your jacket and waistcoat  

the youth did so 

 now come close to me  

the doctor then lowered down dale s trousers  and raising his shirt 
contemplated with great pleasure the pretty belly of the lovely boy  and
then turning him round  under pretence of seeing if the weals of the
last flogging were still visible  he gazed on his white firm backside
and swelling thighs  examining the marks still left from the previous
punishment  he then turned him round  and inspected the pretty little
cock  which  under the mortal fear he was in  hung down its head in a
limp and pitiable state 

 and so this is the little offender   said he  applying his hand to it 
and squeezing and pressing it gently   what a naughty little thing it
is  

the youth could not avoid showing the pleasure these lascivious caresses
gave him  and smiled 

 oh  don t smile  sir  this is no laughing matter  look at the marks of
the mess you made on my sofa   pointing to it   i can t have my
furniture spoiled in this manner  so if your little cock is to be
naughty again  i must flog you upon my knees  but first come here  take
off these trousers  which hanging about the legs are only in the
way there  now sit down on my knee  and tell me all about this naughty
little thing  

he drew aside his robe  so that the boy s bare bottom came in naked
contact with his brawny naked thighs  and the youth could feel the
doctor s prick swelling up  although that part was still covered with
his shirt  the doctor  taking hold of the youth s now standing prick 
asked if it had ever behaved so badly before the scene with his pretty
young cousin 

 no sir  never  i never thought of it until i got sight of her bare
bottom and other parts by accident  

the doctor continued his toyings  caressing the young balls  and feeling
all over the plump and firm backside 

 why  he is going to be naughty again   said the doctor  as the youth s
prick throbbed under his exciting touches   i must flog your bottom for
all this  for it is very naughty and improper  why  you seem to take a
pleasure in it  

 oh  sir  i never felt anything so delightful   said master dale 

 the more reason i should punish you  but remember  you bad boy  if you
are to do that dirty thing again  you must do it on my knee  and not on
the sofa  

the doctor then took the birch in hand  and with his arm round the boy s
waist  drew him to him  but before laying him across his knee  he
slipped the boy s shirt over his head  leaving him stark naked in all
the glorious fairness of skin and beauty of form  the doctor s eyes
gloated over the charming sight  but becoming too excited to pause
longer  he drew up his own shirt  displaying his fine pego at full
stretch  he bent the boy s warm body over his brawny thighs  and with
his arm pressed his glowing form against his own rampant pego dale s
young stiffened cock rubbing against the naked thigh he lay on  the
doctor now raised the rod  and said 

 now  sir  for your punishment  i must flog this round  hard  little
bottom  till it reddens again  

whack  whack  went the birch rod  but with much less force than on the
previous occasion  but still sufficiently stinging to cause the youth to
move up and down  rubbing his cock against the doctor s thighs  and
causing him such ecstasies as hardly to allow him to feel the blows  his
warm soft flesh  too  rubbing against the doctor s large  stiff tool 
soon put them both in a delirium of delight  the doctor then changed his
position  and drew the boy more over his belly  so that his great prick
could get between the boy s thighs  rubbing under his balls in the
trough between the buttocks  while the boy s cock rubbed against the
doctor s belly 

 now   said the doctor   i have got you fast  and must teach you not to
play such naughty tricks in future  

whack whack  again went the rod  causing the most delicious movements of
the boy s backside upon the doctor s excited prick  and not less upon
his own  which was rubbing against the doctor s belly  giving fresh
pleasure at each repetition of the blow  but neither of them had spent
yet  the boy s bottom was now red with a glowing heat  and his cock was
in a state of intense excitement  and the doctor s tool was as stiff and
randy as possible  the doctor now ceased his flogging  and squeezing the
boy tight against his person  said 

 well  you have not done that naughty thing today the flogging has done
you good  

the lovely boy looked up and smiled  he had felt the doctor s large
prick working away between his thighs  and pressing against the cleft of
his buttocks  as the doctor relaxed his hold  the boy turned half round 
thus releasing it from its confinement  looking down  he beheld the
large stiff monster imbedded in a forest of dark curly hair  presenting
a startling contrast to his own small member  which was as yet hardly
fledged with a silky down around it 

 ah   said the doctor  who observed the flush of excitement the sight of
his superior prick gave the boy   what a shame it is of you to compel me
to flog you in this manner  without my trousers  i must give you a
lecture so sit on my knee  thus   placing him so that his lovely bottom
should press against the huge prick  taking the boy s cock in his hand 
he said 

 how stiff it is  

 yes  sir  i can t help it  

 well  you must not play such naughty tricks  i can t allow it  you are
too young yet  

the doctor worked the skin of the sweet boy s cock up and down 

 was that the way your pretty cousin played with it  

 yes  sir  and then she took it in her mouth  

 and did you like to have it done to you  you bad boy  

 oh  yes  sir  it is such pleasure  

 does it really give you so much pleasure  

 yes indeed  it was most delicious  

 dear me  i must try if it would do so to me  take hold of my cock and
rub it up and down  as she did  that i may know how it feels  

 the dear boy had already longed to do so  but had been afraid to say
so  he now seized with avidity the noble prick  so stiffly standing
beside him  he could hardly grasp it in his hand  and worked the skin up
and down in the most delicious manner  the doctor was in ecstasies 

 oh  you naughty boy  to teach your master such bad things  

 is it not very nice  sir   said the charming youth  as the doctor s
buttocks responded to every stroke of his hand 

 well  it is  indeed  very nice  i could not have believed it  but if
ever i catch you at it again  you may be sure i shall flog you  

and the doctor responded to every rub upon his prick with another rub
upon the boy s cock  until almost at the same moment a most delicious
mutual spend was the result of their lascivious toyings 

 now   said the doctor   put on your clothes  and remember you must
avoid such naughty tricks in future  or your bottom will pay for it  

the doctor made me aware of this  and arranged for a meeting of us
three  under the pretence of inattention which i was to simulate and
draw young dale into some fault that would require punishment  it was
also arranged that i was to initiate him still more into the secret
pleasures of mutual satisfaction  so as to prepare him for still greater
gratification to the lecherous doctor  who liked nothing better than
 teaching the young idea how to shoot  

accordingly  after passing a delicious night with my lovely and glorious
aunt and the doctor  in which we practised every delightful method of
enjoyment  and in which the doctor stimulated himself by recalling and
describing the exciting interview with the innocent youth  i left them 
and entered young dale s room  he had insensibly kicked off all the
clothes  and lay on his back exposed  with his promising young cock at
full stand  throbbing from time to time  and by the involuntary
movements of his body  and the smile on his face  he was evidently
realising  in his sleep  the scene he had enacted with his pretty young
cousin  he was quite charming to look at  his young and throbbing prick
was deliciously fair  and you could see the blue veins coursing through
it  the top was only partially uncovered  the point of the head showing
its vermilion tip in fine contrast to the creamy white and crossed blue
veins of the stiffened shaft  his balls were as yet not fully developed 
but such as they were  they formed a closely drawn up little bag 
crimped and wrinkled  and felt as hard as stones  i gently handled them 
which made him heave his bottom in evident ecstasy  it was all so
beautiful and enticing  and i could not resist stooping down  and taking
the delicious morsel in my mouth  pressing the glorious head with my
lips  i thrust  to his infinite delight  the foreskin back  his buttocks
instinctively rose to meet my voluptuous and lascivious proceeding  he
awoke on the instant  but in that dreamy state that made him think he
was only realising the previous dream  his hands embraced my head  and
pressed it down closer on the delicious prick which already touched the
back of my mouth  he cried out in an ecstasy of delight 

 oh  my darling ellen  what a joy you are giving me  oh  oh  it is
greater than i can bear  

i felt by the electric stiffening of his young cock that the crisis was
close at hand  i tickled his tightened balls with my hand  and pressed a
finger hard against his bottom hole  but without entering more than the
depth of the nail  at the very instant that he poured his young tribute
into my longing mouth  i immediately swallowed the greater portion 
lubricating the still throbbing shaft with a part  for some minutes he
lay on his back  with closed eyes  in all the after enjoyment 
heightened by the continued suction of his still throbbing prick  which
i kept up for a short time  at last he opened his eyes  it was broad
daylight  and when i lifted my head  his eyes seemed almost to start out
of their sockets in a sort of incredulous surprise  at finding it was
not his dear young ellen  but me  his school companion  for a minute or
two he was speechless with consternation  until taking hold of his fast
receding little cock  i asked if i had not given him quite as much
pleasure as his darling ellen had previously done 

 is it you  and ellen  how do you know anything about my cousin  

 your cousin  is she  i did not know that  but when i came in  you were
dreaming of her  and muttering in your sleep the delight she gave you by
sucking your prick  so i thought i would give you the true pleasure of
the thing  and thus realise your dream  besides  i  myself  not only
love to suck a prick  but also to have my own sucked  and i could
neither resist the opportunity  nor fail to be delighted that you should
already have practical knowledge of its enjoyment did i not give you the
greatest pleasure  

 oh  yes  it was most delicious  and then i thought it was my pretty
cousin  even after i awoke  which made it doubly delightful  for i had
no idea it would be so nice with another boy  

 why not  see this charming little fellow is already raising himself up
again at the mere thought  look how its head is showing its ruby face 
and how it throbs  ah  i must suck it again it is so delicious  

i threw myself upon it  and devoured it at once  rapidly moving my head
up and down  and titillating the orifice of the urethra with my tongue 
i quickly drove him half mad with excitement  my mouth was full of
saliva  i slobbered some out on my fingers  and lubricated all about the
aperture of his charming backside  and then  as he became still more
furious in the upward lunges of his bottom  and downward pressures of
his hands on my head  i thrust my middle finger up his fundament  and
worked away  frigging it in unison with the movements of my mouth  i
drove him half frantic with pleasure  the ecstasy again seized him  and
with a cry of agonised delight  and a convulsive shudder  he poured a
still more copious draught of love s essence into my mouth  which  as
before  i greedily swallowed  he lay panting in ecstatic joy for a much
longer period than before  with convulsive upward thrusts of his still
half stiffened prick within my mouth  which still continued its
pressures and suctions to his infinite delight  at last i rose  he held
out his arms  i precipitated myself into them  our lips met in sweet
embrace  i thrust my tongue into his mouth  and solicited him to do the
same  and we had some delicious tongueing  nature having at once
achieved his love education  we were closely entwined in a loving
embrace  i had become terribly excited notwithstanding the hard work i
had undergone during the night  and my prick stood stiff as iron
pressing against his belly  suddenly the thought occurred to him that he
ought to gratify me in like manner as i had done him  he proposed it 
and begged me to turn from off him  and lie on my back  i immediately
complied  and pulling up my shirt  displayed my immense splitter in all
its glory 

 good heavens   he cried   what an enormous cock  why  it is bigger than
the doctor s  

 oh  you have seen the doctor s  have you   he blushed  and acknowledged
it  i drew from him an account of their proceedings  which i already
knew  but i was at the same time delighted to have surprised the
acknowledgment from himself  in his wonder at seeing my large
proportions  i made him show me all he had done to the doctor  and the
doctor to him  as all this was paving the way for future proceedings
with the doctor in fact  the innocent youth was already playing into our
hands  his admiration of and handling my prick was meanwhile exciting me
up to the greatest pitch  as i had continued questioning him regarding
his proceedings with the doctor  he could only play with my prick in his
hands  now that matters were getting too warm for further discussion  he
stooped down  but could only get the head and a small portion of the
upper part of the shaft into his mouth  his lips closed beneath the
gland in the most exquisite manner  i begged him to grasp the lower part
of the shaft with one hand  and to thrust a finger of the other up my
bottom hole  which i had already lubricated by spitting on my fingers
and conveying the saliva in the desired direction  he obeyed with the
docility of an apt apprentice and thus working in unison  quickly
brought on the ecstatic crisis  i seized his head in my hands  and  at
the final discharge thrust it down on my delighted prick  as i poured
out a perfect torrent of sperm  nearly choking the poor youth with the
length of prick i thrust into his mouth  he was obliged to withdraw for
an instant to take breath  but i was pleased to see that he instantly
resumed his delicious sucking of my prick  which he continued to do
until it gradually shrunk up to very diminished proportions  i then drew
him upon me  and we had another sweet embrace of lips and tongues  and
then  side by side  we held a long converse on erotic matters  he told
me all the tale of his affair with his cousin  and  although i was
already well acquainted with it  i was glad to draw all the particulars
from himself  i had seen the note his mother wrote to the doctor  the
minuteness and undisguised description she had therein given struck me
as very strange  and i augured that she herself must be a lewd and
lecherous person  to have done more than merely hint at the affair 
instead of dwelling  doubtless in erotic delight  on such details  so i
pumped him as to what sort of woman his mamma was  his description
showed that she was a fine  full grown woman  old  in his opinion  but
in reality in the prime of life  between thirty five and forty  he had
not scanned her proportions with any erotic thought and did not seem to
attach the idea of the woman to her only that of the mother  but i drew
out of him that she was broad in the shoulders  full in the bosom  with
a small waist  small feet  and small hands  a very fine head of hair 
and fine eyes evidently a desirable woman  already i had set my
imagination in play  and began to hope i might some day work my way into
her favour  it will be found how well i succeeded  as these true
memories will describe when i arrive at the period of my success with
her  for the present i had advanced the erotic education of the dear
youth considerably  and thus prepared him for further initiation at the
hands of the doctor and his glorious and magnificent  cara sposa   who
had already determined to enjoy his first fruits in cunny land  we had a
similar enjoyment  carried somewhat further the next morning  in which
we practised more fully the frigging of the bottom  and discussed the
pleasure it produced  i was gradually leading him on  that morning i
purposely arranged that we should be late in entering the schoolroom 
the doctor sternly reprimanded us  and told us we must attend him in his
private room after twelve o clock  poor dale turned pale as he heard
this  dreading the punishment to come of which his experience was so
recent and so severe 

at twelve we  apparently ruefully  entered the doctor s  sanctum
sanctorum   he had preceded us by some few minutes  and had already
donned his long dressing gown  by which i was certain that he had at the
same time doffed his pantaloons 

 now then  boys  you must prepare for your punishment  i cannot allow
this evidently wilful inattention  off with your clothes except your
shirts and stockings  

we hesitatingly stripped  poor harry dale weeping at the thought of the
dreaded punishment  i deemed it prudent also to draw a long face  the
doctor spread a towel over his sofa  saying we had such naughty cocks
that we were constantly dirtying his sofa  he then desired us to kneel
on it with our heads down  and our tails well up  he then rolled up our
shirts  and tucked them in above the small of our backs  in doing which
he indulged in various lascivious touchings  which excited us as well as
himself  and all our three cocks were at full stand  harry dale turned
his head to gaze at mine  and could not resist putting his hand upon it 
and gently pressing its large stiff shaft  young dale s smaller  but
very beautiful member  which was daily developing itself in a striking
manner  also excited me  and i reciprocated his caresses 

 this will never do   said the doctor   i must flog this evil spirit out
of you  

he threw off his dressing gown to be more at his ease  he said  and
taking rod in hand  applied it gently in turns to each of our projecting
bottoms  it was not for punishment but for excitement that he operated
upon us  he quickly threw our bottoms all in a glow  and our excitement
became intense  and we wriggled our bums in evident delight  this was
the point the doctor wished to attain  that he might arrive at his
desired object  which was the possession of young dale s bottom hole 

 stop  stop  my dear boys  i see you are at your naughty tricks again 
but there must be no spending yet  get up  we must all strip to the
buff  and i shall show you how they used to flog me when i was at
school  stand up  charles  

i did so  and the doctor for an instant handled  in evident delight  my
huge stiff standing pego  drawing young dale s attention to its much
larger dimensions than his own 

 now  lean half forward on the sofa  dale  put your arms round his
waist  and stow away this charming rampant little fellow between the
cheeks of charles  buttocks  charles  do you spit on your hand  and
moisten between the cheeks  and then press with your hand his throbbing
young prick against the cleft  

i did as directed  young dale felt so deliciously sheathed that he
thrust his cock well forward 

 now   said the doctor   you are properly horsed  as we used to say  and
now  for a little more flogging of these fine hard  rosy mounts   and he
lasciviously caressed them before applying the rod 

whack whack whack fell the strokes  sufficiently sharply to make master
dale wince and wriggle his bottom to and fro  quickly the exciting
pleasure overcame all pain  and his lust rising  he thrust furiously in
the artificial channel he was operating in  i now shortened the grasp of
my hand on his shaft  and pressing it somewhat upwards  raising my
buttocks at the same time  i directed it so fairly upon the aperture
that at the next push it entered fully two inches within  then again
favouring his return stroke  he completely sheathed himself up to the
meeting of his belly against my buttocks  i gave him a pressure which
had an instant effect  and he began to thrust fast and furiously 
evidently enjoying it to the utmost  i let him feel the full enjoyment
of his new quarters  only telling him to lay hold of my cock and frig
me  and then i cried out to the doctor 

 flog him well  sir  he has thrust his cock into my bottom hole  

this was the very thing the doctor most wished for  so he continued his
flogging only to such an extent as to still more inflame the lust of the
now lecherously excited boy  who shortly brought on the final crisis and
died away in delight as he shot his first tribute within the divine
temple of priapus  at the moment of the crisis coming on  the doctor had
ceased his flogging and wetting two fingers gradually introduced them
into the bottom hole of young dale  and frigged him in unison with his
movements into me  so that the ecstasy was almost more than the poor boy
could bear  he lay almost inanimate on my back  but his still throbbing
half standing cock responded to the inward pressures i was exercising
upon it  the doctor had ceased his flogging to admit and caress the
well formed posterior of the charming boy  becoming greatly excited  he
drew him off me  and closely embraced him  but professing at the same
time to be greatly shocked  his prick  meanwhile  gloriously stiff 
pressed hard against young dale s belly  the doctor then relaxing his
hold  young dale gazed  with pleased enjoyment  on the size and
stiffness of the doctor s cock  and  by an impulse of passion  took it
in hand  knelt before him  and put it into his mouth  and sucked it
lasciviously  the doctor placed his hands on dale s head  and pressed it
down for a minute or two  and then begged the dear youth to rise  as he
did not yet wish to spend thanking him for the exquisite pleasure he had
given him 

 now   said he   it is your turn to flog  so charlie  you must be horsed
upon me  and harry dale shall take a first lesson in the art of flogging
upon your posteriors  

the pose was arranged as before  my formidable weapon was placed between
the cheeks of the doctor s fine fat backside  his hand pressed my cock
as i had done to dale s  dale took the rod in hand  and at the very
first cut made me wince  for the young rogue laid on with a will  the
doctor had applied a good quantity of saliva to the end of my prick  and
thrusting out his buttocks  he quickly guided it into the longing
orifice  in which i vigorously sheathed myself to the utmost extent  i
seized his cock and squeezed it gently  but he begged me not to make him
spend  but to enjoy myself to the utmost  crying out  at the same time
to young dale 

 flog him well  harry  for he has thrust his great tool up my
bottom hole  it is wonderful how it ever could get in  

indeed so little could young dale believe in the possibility of such a
thing that he stopped flogging to assure himself of the fact  by both
touch and sight  i drew my prick out and in that he might be perfectly
satisfied of the truth  and the doctor wriggled his backside to and fro
to show what pleasure it gave him  of course  all this was preliminary
to the grand attack he meant afterwards to make on the virgin aperture
in young dale s bottom  after harry had assured himself of the fact  he
pitched into my poor bottom with redoubled vigour  which  though it
greatly excited me at the moment  made my poor bum smart for days
afterwards  i quickly sent a torrent of sperm far into the entrails of
the doctor  to his great delight  but he tenaciously avoided spending
lest his powers should fail to overcome the natural obstacle of a virgin
bottom hole  especially in one so young as dale  consequently  after
retaining me for some few moments in the delightful pressures of the
internal folds  he allowed me to withdraw  all reeking with my own
sperm  it was now the doctor s turn to be flogged by me  while he was
horsed on harry s loins  as harry had already found out what pleasure a
bottom hole gave to the plugger of it  and had also seen how the doctor
seemed to enjoy  and so easily engulphed  the much larger weapon i
possessed  he had no idea there could be any pain accompanying it  and
consequently he lent himself entirely to every direction that was given
him  he placed himself in the easiest position  stuck his bottom well
out  stretching wide the channel between the orbs  and exposing a
charming little rosy aperture most tempting to the sight  indeed  the
doctor instantly knelt to pay his devotions to it  devouring it with
kisses  and thrusting his lecherous tongue within its tight little
folds  taking the opportunity to thoroughly lubricate it with his
spittle  this preliminary  followed by a little frigging with his middle
finger  which produced nothing but pleasurable sensations in the dear
youth  completely captivated him  the doctor wisely informed him that
the first attack was sure to be somewhat painful  but that if he felt it
so  he was not to draw away his body  but simply to complain  and the
doctor would instantly remain quiet without withdrawing  and he would
then find that the strange sensation would rapidly pass off  and allow a
further progress  which would be again arrested if the pain was renewed 
in this way he would eventually find that the pleasure would become
indescribably delicious  as he had seen how both charlie and himself had
enjoyed it  poor dale assured the doctor he might proceed at once  and
he would be perfectly docile  so the doctor first asking me to suck his
cock a little to moisten it well  put the charming youth in the best
position  telling him to strain as if he wished to void himself  then
applying his well lubricated pego to the rosy orifice  by gentle
pressure  he succeeded  with hardly a twinge of pain to the dear boy  in
housing the head and about two inches of the shaft within the delicious
receptacle  here the pain became so great that young dale would have
withdrawn himself away from the doctor had the latter not taken the
precaution to seize him by the two hips  and hold him as if in a vice 
but without attempting a further insertion then 

 keep still  my dear boy  and i will not move  and you will find in a
minute or two that the strange sensation will pass away  

turning his head to me  he said 

 charlie  gently frig the dear boy  

i immediately did so  which rapidly had the effect of exciting him up to
a pitch that made him forget all pain  and he even thrust his bottom
further back  and as i had taken the opportunity of the pause to drop
some more spittle on the lower shaft  a further gentle pressure forced
it in almost up to the hilt  here  again  young dale cried out to stop 
it was so painful 

the doctor paused again  i continued caressing his now inflamed and
stiffened prick  his convulsive twitches  caused by my lascivious
caresses  were followed by involuntary wrigglings  which of themselves
completed the entire insertion of the doctor s excited prick  he still
continued quiet  allowing the passions of the youth to become still more
excited  then gradually and gently withdrawing  and as gently again
thrusting within  he went on until the youth s movements betrayed the
raging lust that possessed him then the doctor increased his pace  i
frigged on fast and furious  and in a few minutes they both died away in
wild excess of the most ecstatic joy  as to dale  his gaspings and wild
cries of delight proved that the final joys were almost too great for
him to bear  the doctor had drooped his head upon his chest  and closed
his eyes  in all the gratification of having ravished the first fruits
of this charming youth s beauteous bottom  and i could see by his
momentary convulsive thrusts  and the pressures of his hands on dale s
hips to draw the bottom more completely against his belly  as well as by
the broken sighs that heaved his bosom  how exquisitely he was enjoying
his triumph  gradually his cock reduced its dimensions  but even when
quite down and soft  it left the tight sheath it was in with a  plop 
showing how well and close those delicious folds had embraced it  the
doctor would not allow young dale to rise until he had embraced and
kissed the lovely bottom that had just yielded him such intense
satisfaction  then  drawing the youth to his bosom  he embraced him most
tenderly  and thanked him for the heroic manner in which he had borne
the attack  and told him he would never suffer so much in after attacks
as he had done in this first taking of the virginity of his bottom hole 

it was thus this dear youth was initiated into our mysteries  and
henceforward he became an apt disciple  and by being introduced into our
interior circle  added much to the variety and enjoyment of our orgies 
for  as may well be supposed  my glorious and most lecherous aunt
thoroughly enjoyed the taking of his first tribute in the legitimate
temple of holy mother venus  i was present on the occasion  which was
supposed to be unknown to the doctor  the first coup was on her belly 
the sight of which and her truly magnificent cunt wildly excited dale 
and his cock stood stiffer and really bigger than ever  it was quite
surprising how rapidly it developed when once he got thoroughly into
hardness  he fucked aunt twice  spending as rapidly as she herself 
lecherous as she was at all times  i acted postillion to them both  i
stopped further combats until i too could enter the field  so aunt
mounted upon him  and falling forward lent her divine backside to all my
fantasies  twice we ran a course without changing  then aunt herself
claimed my big prick for the contentment of her randy cunt  we quickly
changed positions  i  on my back  received dear aunt s delicious cunt on
my stiff and hard as wood standing pego  she straddled over me  and sank
her luscious orbit down upon me until our two hairs were crushed between
us  here  by rising and falling  she had another delicious discharge
before bending down to be embraced by my loving arms  she then presented
her most glorious bottom to the wonder and admiration of dear harry  who
had been caressing and kissing it  and at the critical moment had thrust
a frigging finger in  and turning his head in front had greatly
increased the pleasure of my loved and lecherous aunt by sucking the
large nipple of her wondrously fine bubby  when once she was fairly down
on my belly  harry scrambled up behind  and quickly inserted his already
fine but still comparatively small prick  which  of course  found ready
entrance where my splitter had previously opened and greased the way 
but he gave a cry  almost of pain  or at least of surprise  on finding
the sudden grip which my aunt  with her wonderful power of pressure 
instantly gave him  at it we went  fast and furious  until again the
grand crisis overtook my lascivious aunt  who spent deliriously  we boys
both paused a second or two to allow her to enjoy her discharge to the
utmost  then recommencing with increased vigour and speed  we soon both
discharged at one and the same time our freights into the delighted
vessels that were conferring such exquisite enjoyment upon us  aunt 
too  did not fail to join us at the ecstatic moment  we lay for many
minutes panting in all the after sensations of the most exquisite joys
humanity can revel in  we kept it up for several hours  aunt sucking
young dale s toothsome prick while i gamahuched and postillioned her to
her infinite satisfaction  in this way  and with repeated changes from
one receptacle to the other but always both occupied at once  we at last
gained a reprieve  and retired to well deserved repose  the doctor  who
had kept out of the way on this our first bout with my glorious aunt 
afterwards apparently surprised us together  and  after giving us and
receiving a pretty sharp flogging  he joined in all the ecstasies of our
orgies  he especially delighted in being into my bottom while i fucked
his wife  and he himself had the double pleasure of having young dale s
fast growing pego into his bottom at the same time  it was some time
longer before i succeeded in completely sheathing my huge prick in the
delicious bottom hole of the dear youth  but at last i succeeded to the
utmost extent of my wishes  and although i continued to hurt him for
some weeks after the first attack  he could at last entertain me with
perfect ease  and we were thus enabled to play successively into each
other s bottoms  and everyone of us enjoyed the exquisite delight of
fucking and being fucked at the same time 

as we grew more lasciviously intimate  i often turned the conversation
on his mother and cousin  at last i told him  i thought from his
description that his mother would be a good fuck  and that if ever i had
the opportunity i might cover his attack on his cousin by fucking his
mother  only we must lead her to believe that she took my virginity  the
idea pleased him  he began to think his mother must be a desirable woman
for me  as i was so largely hung  and then the opportunity that i would
give him to enjoy his longing for his cousin was an inducement to second
my views to the utmost  towards the close of the half year his birthday
occurred  and his mother could not do less than have him home for the
day  she felt that her niece would be in greater security when harry
begged she would allow him to bring with him the doctor s nephew myself 
to wit telling her that we had become very close friends as well as
schoolfellows  i had previously told him i should play the complete
innocent  but should take care some time or the other during the day to
put myself in such a position that his mother should get a glimpse of my
prick  so that if not immediately successful  i might pave the way for
future success  his birthday fell on a saturday  we were only asked to
spend the day  with the intention of returning in the evening 
accordingly  on the happy day we made our appearance after breakfast  i
have before said that his mother lived in a very pretty cottage ornee 
about a mile and a half from the parsonage  we were most kindly received
by her  she first lovingly embraced her son  wishing him many happy
returns of the day  declaring that he was much improved   c  she then
turned to me  and gracefully and kindly bade me welcome  the niece was a
charming girl  just budding into womanhood  she blushed greatly in
welcoming her cousin  and bashfully did the same to me  we spent the
earlier hours in conversation  the mother having much to ask and to hear
from her son  from whom she had never before been separated  i had thus
time to scan her well  she was a fine  broad built  well standing up
woman  with broad shoulders  and hips that gave promise of good form
beneath  without being beautiful  her face was a well formed oval  with
really fine eyes  to which her son s description had hardly done
justice  it appeared to me that a good deal of suppressed passion lurked
in their expression  and i already began to think she would be a real
 bonne bouche  if once we could come to close quarters  after luncheon
we strolled in the garden  the leaves had already fallen  but the
afternoon was bright and warm for the end of november  i told young dale
to keep close to his mother  and not show any wish to stray away with
his cousin feeling certain that if she became anxious about their
movements i should have no chance to play off my little game  all went
as i could wish  we threw his mother off her guard  and she then began
to show closer attention to me  i acted the ingenuous and innocent youth
to perfection  but at the same time  in thinking of her charms  i let my
prick get up to half stand  so as to show its large proportions under my
trousers  i very soon perceived that it had struck her notice  and her
attention became concentrated upon me  she questioned me a good deal 
and especially sought to find out if  peculiar  intimacy existed between
her son and me  i played the innocent  and professed that the utmost
intimacy existed  but when she tried to find out if it had gone to what
she really meant  i gave such an innocent character to our intimacy that
she was quite convinced of my thorough ignorance of all erotic
tendencies  and she became more endearing in her manner of addressing
me 

harry and i had previously agreed that after i addressed to him some
particular frivolous remark  he should seize the first occasion near a
shrubbery to go on more ahead  and alarm his mamma by turning round a
corner  our stratagem succeeded  she immediately hastened to follow
them  as soon as she had turned the corner i drew out my tool  now at
full stand  and placed myself so that when she returned she should see
it fully developed  while i would take care not apparently to see her 
but be intent upon piddling  to the utmost of my wish it fell out  she
had told her son to stop and returned to join me  my eyes being turned
downwards did not let her become aware that i was watching for her  but
i could see the bottom of her petticoats as she turned the corner  and
also that she came to a sudden stop  which must have been at the moment
she caught sight of the noble proportions before her  i took care to
pass my hand once or twice backwards or forwards while pissing  and then
shook my prick deliberately  and exposed the whole length and breadth of
it for a minute or two before buttoning it up  during which i could see
she stood perfectly still  rooted to where she had first stopped  after
i had buttoned up  i stooped down  apparently to tie my shoe  but in
fact to give time for it to be supposed i had not seen her previous
approach  so when i rose up she was already at my side  there was a
flush on her cheek and a fire in her eye that showed the bait was
swallowed  my role was to play the perfect innocent  and appear quite
unconscious of her having seen me 

she took my arm  and i could feel that her hand trembled  she led me
along  hastily at first  until we joined her son and niece  after that
she became uncommonly endearing in her manner to me  making such remarks
as she thought would show her that i was not so innocent as i looked  if
my replies had jumped with her expectations  but i was in reality too
experienced not to pay her off in kind  and ended in making her believe
that she had a perfect virgin to deal with  we walked on  she was
evidently much preoccupied  becoming at times quite silent for a minute
or two  and then  gently pressing my arm  she would make some
endearingly flattering remark  at which i would look lovingly but
innocently up to her face to thank her for her kind opinion  on these
occasions her eyes sparkled in a peculiar manner  and her colour went
and came  after a while  her hand left my arm and rested on the opposite
shoulder  in a half embrace  which became warmer and warmer  her
conversation became more affectionate  she was profuse in her
congratulations that her son had found so charming a schoolfellow  and
here she halted  and turning half in front of me  said that she felt
that she could love me as if i were indeed her own dear son  and 
stooping slightly  she sought a kiss of maternal affection  i threw my
arms round her neck  and our lips met in a long and loving kiss very
warm on her side  but a simple though affectionate kiss on mine 

 oh   i said   how happy i shall be to call you my mamma  and i will
love you as if you were it  it is so good of you to allow me to do so 
this half year has been the first time in my life that i ever was
separated from my mother and  although my dear aunt is as kind as
possible to me  still i can t call her mamma  my guardian won t allow me
to go home for the christmas holidays  but now i shall have a dear  kind
new mamma to make me happy   here i again raised my lips for an embrace 
which was given with even more than the previous warmth  her arm had
fallen to my waist  and she pressed me with energy to her bosom  which i
could feel was unexpectedly firm  and even hard  i had great difficulty
in keeping my unruly member down  that she might think i took her warm
embraces as nothing more than affectionate friendship  i succeeded 
however  and this  of course  more than ever convinced her of my entire
ignorance of carnal desires  as i closely embraced her  and glued my
lips to hers  she became greatly agitated  trembled visibly  sighed
convulsively  and then pushed me from her  and seemed suddenly to
recover herself  seized my arm  and hurried on after her son  for  as
may well be supposed she had purposely loitered behind to allow them to
get out of sight  before she indulged her uncontrollable desire to
embrace me  she spoke not a word until we came in sight of them 
apparently sauntering along  innocently enough  but harry afterwards
told me that having seen how his mother had halted to gaze at my prick 
which he knew beforehand i meant she should see  he had watched us
through the shrubbery  and afterwards had noticed her warmth of manner
to me  and the loitering of her walk  he had turned a corner some
distance ahead of us  and was out of sight when his mother stopped to
embrace me  as described above  he guessed she would be in no hurry to
follow him  so rapidly advancing with his cousin  he got some way before
us  and choosing a place where he could see us through the bushes when
we did follow  he sat down on a garden seat  and drew his cousin on his
lap  asking her if she did not regret their hasty separation after their
last delicious interview  and telling her his mother had seen them 
which was the cause of his being sent as a boarder to the doctor  she
was much surprised to hear this  as her aunt had never breathed a word
of it to her  and she had been greatly distressed at his being sent away
from home  of course his hands were not idle  but first unbuttoning his
trousers  he put his cock  now much increased in size  into her hand 
she at once observed how much larger it had become  and began to caress
it  he meanwhile was busy frigging her little clitoris  he found that
she was already quite moist  and he had hardly frigged her a minute 
when a sigh and an  oh  how much more pleasure you give me than my aunt
does   she spent profusely  grasping his prick with painful tenacity 
her breath was taken away for some minutes  when she recovered a little 
and was gazing lovingly with half closed eyes upon him  he at once
recurred to her unexpected confession 

 when does my mother do this to you  

 ever since you were sent away  your mother took me to sleep with her 
as she said  she felt so lonely after you left  for some time she used
to embrace me very lovingly  and hold me close pressed to her bosom  as
i always went to bed before her  i was generally sound asleep when she
joined me  i used at first to wonder how when i awoke in the early
morning my chemise was drawn up close to my neck  and your mother s was
in the same state  and our two naked bodies closely united by the
embracing arms of your mother  i even one morning found that my hand was
held by hers against that part which you are now feeling so nicely  she
had fallen asleep in this position  but i could feel that she was as
moist there as you have just made me  i could not help feeling it was
very nice  and gently removing her hand  i began to feel all over her in
that part and  do you know harry  she is all covered with such thick and
curly hair there  in groping about  i felt the lips pouting and thick 
and on trying i found i could get my fingers in  i pushed on  i got up
to the knuckles  when i felt it give such a convulsive pressure upon
them  and her body was projected towards me with a heave of her bottom 
then drawn back  and pushed forward again  while her arms pressed me
closer to her  and she commenced some loving expressions in her sleep  i
felt something grow hard against my thumb  it was just what you have
been feeling   oh  go on   she cried  

 i renewed my tickling operations again  and i made her spend   harry
continued   as she came to her senses  i gamahuched her  i thrust my
tongue up her sweet little cunt  and licked up all the delicious
spendings  as i rose  with prick erect and standing stiff out of my
trousers  she seized it in her mouth  and  with very little sucking 
made me spend to excess  and the dear girl swallowed it with all the
luxury of the utmost voluptuousness  we had no time for more at that
moment  as i caught sight of mamma s dress through the trees  i buttoned
up hastily  and we strolled along  as if nothing had happened  it was in
our after walk  when we had allayed mamma s suspicion  that my dear
ellen continued her confessions  

the stiff thing pressing against her thumb was mamma s clitoris  which 
by her account  is wonderfully developed  she  knowing from her former
experience with me that it was the point of most exquisite enjoyment 
turned her finger upon it  and began awkwardly playing with it  it was
at this moment that the greater excitement awoke mamma  who finding to
her surprise what ellen was doing  seized her hand  and pressing and
rubbing it with more art against her clitoris  continued its action with
exclamations of delight  declaring that ellen was her dear precious
loved girl  and then with a positive cry of delight  spent profusely
over ellen s hand  after panting for some time in perfect bliss  she
turned and took ellen in her arms  kissing her most warmly  and
thrusting her tongue into ellen s mouth  and then demanding hers in
return  after much embracing  mamma asked her how she came to do what
she found her doing when she awoke  ellen described how she found her
hand held against it  and then two naked bodies pressed against each
other that she was surprised at this  and wondered how it came so  that
on moving her hand she felt mamma give a throb down there  and a push of
her body forward  which made her finger slip easily in  this still more
surprised her  as she had tried often if her fingers could get into her
own  but it hurt her so much that she had given it up as impossible  and
now she had found one where all her fingers  up to the knuckles  slipped
in quite easily  the inside movements  and the heavings of her aunt s
body  showed that it gave her pleasure  in continuing her movements she
had felt a hard body at the upper part pressing against the side of her
hand  she withdrew her fingers to feel this strange thing  and in doing
so aunt awoke 

 and you know the rest  dear auntie  i was so glad that i had given you
so much pleasure  

 dear  dear girl   her aunt replied   i shall love you more dearly than
ever  yes  and you  too  shall have the utmost pleasure  i have long
wished to initiate you into the secrets of womanhood  but thought you
too young to be able to keep secret such intimacy as we may indulge in 
often in your sleep with your lovely naked charms exposed to me  and
pressed against my own lascivious person  have i enjoyed you  and even
made use of your own hand all unconscious in sleep  to excite me to a
still greater pitch  last night i had enjoyed you to the utmost  kissing
your lovely budding and hidden charms  and must have unconsciously
dropped off to sleep with my hand still pressing yours against my secret
charm  but now i must initiate you into the same joys  even in a more
exquisite way  

 upon this she begged me to throw off my chemise  while she did the
same  we stood up to do this  and your mother took the opportunity to
pose me in every way  admiring and kissing me all over  i did the same
to her  and i can assure you  dear harry  your mother is far better made
that i am  both in the bosom and the bottom  and with such firm thighs
and legs  and her affair is so well developed and pouting  and with such
silky curls all around it  i can feel you passing your fingers through
the curls of mine  but though it has more than it had when last you felt
and caressed it  it is nothing to dear auntie s  when she had much
excited me  and was evidently herself greatly so  she desired me to lie
across the bed on my back  and to draw my knees up so as to let my feet
rest on the edge  she then placed a footstool in front  and kneeling
upon it  after first feeling and caressing me down there  she glued her
lips to it  and after sucking a while began to play with her tongue upon
what you have been so deliciously rubbing  she licked me most
exquisitely  and soon made me die away in ecstasy of delight  she sucked
it for some time after  while i lay in a languid state of joy  when at
last she rose  she threw herself on the bed  and our two naked bodies
became closely united in the most loving embrace  her lips were wet with
the moisture that had escaped from me  its peculiar aromatic odour
 m enivrait  and i could not help licking the creamy juice from off her
lips 

  oh  my beloved aunt   i cried   you have given me the joy of paradise 
i must try and do as much for you  

  my darling ellen  you will make me positively adore you  i now only
regret that i had not sooner taken you into my confidence  as i at once
perceive i might have done so in perfect safety  yes  my darling  you
shall indeed try  and i shall instruct you as we advance how to obtain
the greatest amount of pleasure from our libidinous and lascivious
enjoyments  delights that are without risk  and from which we shall have
no anxieties as to fatal results  which are the consequence of
connection with the opposite sex  who only make use of us for their own
sensual enjoyment  and abandon us at the very moment they ought to
console and cherish us the most  

 dear aunt  again embracing me tenderly  threw herself in the same
position i had previously lay in  i knelt on the cushion as she had
done  but before proceeding to do as she had done to me  i could not
help pausing to gaze with delight on her natural charms  oh  dear harry 
you cannot imagine the beauty of that part of your mamma  her stomach is
of the purest white  smooth and firm  round and beautiful  below a
crease commences a large plumped out swelling seen through the fair and
thick silky curls that so much adorn it  then grandly rounded sinks down
between her thighs  and the beautifully pouting lips rise richly
tempting through the thickest of hair  that goes far beyond between the
large rounded orbs that project behind  at the upper part of the lips 
where they form a deep indented half circle  i could distinguish a stiff
projecting object  as long and thicker than my thumb  i now know that
this is the centre of exquisite joy  your mother had since taught me to
call it her clitoris  and says that although seldom so strongly
developed as in her case  it exists in every woman and becomes stiff and
excited as the final crisis of joy approaches  i glued my lips around
this charming object  and sucked it  and played with my tongue around
its point  your mother  in an ecstasy of delight  wriggled her bottom
below me  and with both hands pressing my head down on the excited
point  gave utterance to the most loving and sensual expressions  she
begged me to pass the flat of my hand under my chin  and introduce my
thumb within the lips below  where i was sucking  and move it backwards
and forwards as much as i could  i did so  and immediately found that it
added greatly to your mother s delight  faster and faster grew her
movements  until  with a cry of delight  a firm pressure of my hand
against her affair  and still firmer pressure on my thumb  she suddenly
ceased all movement  her hands relaxed their hold of my head  the
stiffness left her clitoris  and beyond convulsive graspings of the
interior of her affair upon my thumb  she lay for some time inanimate 
at last she recovered her senses  she seized me under the arms  and drew
me upon her belly  her hands pressed my bottom down close upon her
person  until i found that my affair was nestled in the rich profusion
of curls that so finely adorned hers  she thrust her tongue into my
mouth  and sucked off all the rich creamy substance that had flowed from
her in such abundance  she blessed the happy chance that had led her to
give me her confidence  told me that for long she had only enjoyed the
unsatisfactory delight of lonely self gratification  and said that now
we should revel in mutual delight of every sensual indulgence that woman
can have with woman  we lay for some time enjoying such delicious
communings  until compelled to rise by the lateness of the hour  we have
since practised every method of enjoyment given to two of the same sex 
your mother has often introduced her stiff excited clitoris within the
lips of my affair as far as it would go  but i have always longed  my
dear harry  for you to penetrate still further with that larger and
longer thing you have got  although what i have seen today of its
increased size has made me greatly fear it can never get in  

thus ended her ingenuous description  harry  of course  promised that he
would never hurt her  that those parts were made to yield  that 
doubtless  his mother s large clitoris had hurt her at first  but had
given her great pleasure afterwards 

yes  that was so  and it was that that gave her courage  and if they
could only get the opportunity she would allow him to do anything he
pleased 

it may well be supposed this account of ellen s intercourse with her
aunt fired my imagination and made me resolve to have her  indeed  i
began to conceive that there would be no occasion for me to make any
effort  that all would be done by dear mamma herself  we had returned to
the house after this agitated walk  mamma was evidently greatly
preoccupied  but at length she appeared to have come to a final
determination  for she told ellen to go up to her room  and begged us
two boys  as she called us  to go out and amuse ourselves for an hour 
it was during this interval that harry narrated his interesting
conversation with his cousin  her lively description had set his
imagination on fire  and he now declared his regret that it was not to
be he who would enjoy his lasciviously sensual mother  neither of us had
any doubt but that she would now find an opportunity of enjoying me  if
we had  our doubts were solved on re entering the house  mamma first 
for form s sake  kissing her son  and then far more warmly kissing me 
informed us that she had written to the doctor that we had been such
good boys that she would feel greatly obliged if he would allow her son
to remain with her until monday  and also leave his nephew to keep him
company and prevent any of his former misbehaviour which  she was happy
to say  he appeared to have forgotten  but still it would be better he
should have the safeguard of so intelligent and discreet a friend as she
was glad to see he had found in the doctor s nephew  my uncle  without
knowing exactly what to make of this note  had consented  hence her joy
in being able to communicate the pleasing intelligence doubly so to me 
as i immediately augured the downfall of my assumed virginity  dear
mamma was all radiant with joy  and conveyed me at once to where she
intended i should sleep  i marked that it was in an out of the way room 
easy of access  but not likely to be interfered with by passers by 

 and here  my dear son  for you know in future you are always to call me
mamma  i hope you will find yourself comfortable  and that you will not
be alarmed because you are in an out of the way part of the house  but
in case you should  before i go to bed  i shall come to see that you are
comfortably asleep  

here she kissed and embraced me warmly  i repaid her most
affectionately  but apparently in all innocence  she sighed  as i
thought with regret  that she could not at that moment go further  and
then led me away 

the afternoon  the dinner  and the evening passed away without anything
worthy of remark  except that mamma was frequently absent and
preoccupied  she sat by me on the sofa while ellen played to us  her
hand sought mine  and frequently squeezed it affectionately  harry sat
by ellen  which enabled me often to raise my head and pout my lips for a
kiss in a boyish way  it was never refused  she dwelt on my mouth
sensuously with half opened lips  but apparently afraid to tip me the
velvet of her tongue  she frequently gave a shudder and trembled  and
was evidently greatly excited  in the course of the afternoon  harry and
i had had an opportunity of exchanging ideas  i told him i was certain
his mother would come to me that night  and he might be sure if she did
that she would remain till daylight  i advised him to watch her  and
when he saw her leave her bedroom to come to me  then he could slip into
his cousin s room  and effect his purpose  but to be sure to retire at
the first dawn  i said that if that time his mother wanted to leave me 
i would keep her another quarter of an hour to enable him to put matters
to rights with his cousin  and regain his own room  i advised him also
to put a towel under his cousin s bottom  as he was sure to make her
bleed  and he must take it away in the morning to prevent any traces of
what he had done being perceived by his mother  and to tell ellen to
feign deep sleep on his mother s return  and to appear quite unconscious
in the morning of her aunt having been absent  a little before ten
o clock mamma thought it time for her children  as she called us  to go
to bed  her son and niece both kissed her  and i  too  claimed a kiss of
my new mamma  it was taken and returned in quite a passionate way  her
lips seemed loath to leave mine  and her arms encircled me in a very
loving embrace   dear mamma   i said   i shall love you ever dearly  

 my darling boy  i already love you as if you were indeed my son  

she sent the others to their bedrooms  but escorted me herself to mine 
i could see that she trembled greatly  and was evidently glad to put
down the candlestick  she turned down the bedclothes for me  hoped i
would sleep well  and  with considerable agitation  again embraced me
most passionately  i could feel that her tongue would fain have thrust
itself between my lips  i had great difficulty in restraining myself 
but somehow i managed to do so  she at last left me  saying she would
give a look in to see that i was comfortable before she herself went to
bed  i told her it was very kind of her  but that there was no necessity
for her doing so  as i always went to sleep like a top the moment i lay
down 

 i am glad of that  my dear child  but nevertheless i will look in  lest
the strange bed should prevent your sleeping  

and again she hugged me passionately against her firm and well formed
bosom  kissing me with a long  long kiss  quitting me with a deep sigh 
at last she said good night  and shut the door  apparently going away 
but i fancied that she stopped short  and that i could hear her gently
stealing back  probably in the hope of seeing me undress  and of
catching a view of my huge pego  so i determined she should have her
curiosity indulged  i hurried off my clothes  and before putting on one
of harry s nightshirts  which had been laid on the bed for me  i took up
the chamber pot  and turned fronting the key hole  stark naked  and cock
in hand  it was at half cock  but when i had piddled i made it throb and
raise its head  and gave it a rub or two  and a shake very deliberately 
so that she might be still more bent on possessing it  i took up the
nightshirt  and turning to the light  was very awkward in getting it on 
so as to give time for a good sight of my prick at full stand against my
belly  i then blew out the light  and tumbled into bed very quickly  i
listened attentively  and could hear a deep half suppressed sigh  and
then footsteps stealing quietly away  i lay awake cogitating as to how i
should receive her  whether to feign profound sleep  and so let her take
all the initiative  or whether to pretend that the novelty of the bed 
and thinking over her affectionate kindness to me had kept me awake  i
decided upon pretending to be sound asleep  chiefly that i might see how
she would carry out her designs  and also as allowing me to play the
surprised one 

in little more than half an hour after all had retired to rest i saw the
glimmer of light through the key hole  i had studied a pose that would
facilitate matters  i lay on my back  the clothes partially thrown off
my breast  and the hand next to the side on which she must approach 
placed above my head  of course my cock was at full stand and as i had
thrown off the heavy counterpane  it easily lifted up  and bulged out
the sheet and light blanket  i closed my eyes  and breathed heavily  the
door was gently opened  and she entered  she turned to close it  and i
gave a peep through a half opened eye  and saw that she had only on a
loose  robe de chambre   which was thrown open in turning  so that i
could see there was nothing but her shift below  i even caught sight of
her beautiful bosom  which at once caused my prick to throb almost to
bursting  so that when she came to my side  it stood up most manfully 
she paused  evidently intent on the sight  she then held the light
towards me  and spoke in an undertone  asking me if i was awake  of
course i only breathed the heavier  and lay with my mouth half open  as
if in the very deepest first slumber  she then turned her attention to
the bulging out substance  and ventured to touch it gently  then 
growing bolder  she still more gently grasped it from above the clothes 
and then turned the light on my face  but i gave not a sign  she then
put the candle down  and  taking a chair  sat down close to the bed 
here she again spoke to me in a subdued tone  finding no cessation of
the deep breathing  she gently insinuated her hand below the already
favourably turned down bedclothes  and with great care slipped it down
to my prick  which she grasped softly  i could now feel her whole body
tremble  her breath came fast and short  she passed her hand gently up
from the root to the head  its size evidently greatly exciting her  when
she grasped the head  it gave a powerful throb  she eased her hand  and 
i felt certain  turned to see if it had disturbed me  but i slept on
profoundly  she seemed to gain more confidence  for both hands were now
applied  and it was evident she had assumed a kneeling posture  the
better to favour her designs  i could feel her pass one hand over the
other  until she found the head was still partially above the third
grasp  i heard her give an involuntary exclamation of surprise at its
size  her curiosity growing by what it fed on  she now commenced with
the utmost caution gently to remove the bedclothes  that she might see 
as well as feel  when this was accomplished  she rose and brought the
light  again passed it before my eyes  and then moved it down towards my
prick  being sure she was now far too deeply engaged to turn her eyes
towards mine  i half opened them  and beheld her bending close over the
great object of attraction  i heard her exclaim half aloud 

 how wonderful  i never could have imagined such a thing  and in such an
innocent boy  too  oh  i must possess yes i must possess it  

here she grasped it more forcibly than before  then  rising  she put the
candle on the pot stand  which she removed to the foot of the bed  then
taking my prick in both hands  she gently rubbed it up and down  and
even stooped and fondly kissed the nut  it throbbed more violently than
ever at this  and i thought it time to start  and appear to awake  she
instantly quitted her hold of it  and stood up  but was too agitated to
think of covering me  i opened my eyes in apparent great surprise  but
recognising mamma  i said 

 oh  is that you  dear mamma  i was dreaming such a nice dream about
you  oh  do kiss me   purposely not seeming to know that my person was
all naked 

she stooped and kissed me tenderly  saying 

 my dear  darling boy  i came to see if you were comfortable  and found
you lying uncovered  and with this extraordinary thing sticking up  

she had seized it with her left hand  as she stooped to kiss me  on the
instant  i determined to play off the same game that had succeeded so
well with my aunt 

 my dear mamma  i should not have dared to speak to you about  that  
but it does give me much pain  by becoming so hard that it throbs  as
you may feel  at the least touch  i don t know what to do  and it makes
me feel so queer too  especially at the gentle pressures you have just
given it  dear mamma  can you tell me how i can cure it  and i will love
you so dearly  

here she stooped and kissed me very luxuriously  actually thrusting her
tongue into my mouth  i sucked it  and told her how sweet it was  but my
prick becoming perfectly outrageous  i implored her to tell me what i
could do to relieve it  she looked at me long and intently  blushing and
turning pale by turns 

 yes  my dear boy  i could relieve you  but it is a secret that i hardly
dare confide in one so young  

 oh  you may trust me  my dear mamma  you know i am becoming a young
man  and men must know how to keep secrets  or they would be despised 
besides  so dear and loving a mamma as you are to me would doubly make
me keep secret anything you confide to me on those terms  

 i will trust you  my darling boy  but you will at once see by what i
shall do  how completely i sacrifice myself to do you good  

upon this  she threw off her robe  and sprang into bed by my side 

 oh  how nice of you  dear mamma   said i  as i took her in my arms  and
kissed her lovingly   feel  mamma  how much harder it is  so tell me at
once how i am to relieve it  

 well  my dear child  we women are made to relieve such stiffnesses as
this  we possess a sheath to put it in  and then it gradually softens  

 oh  where where dearest mamma  do tell me  

she took my hand and put it down on her cunt  already quite wet with the
excitement she had been in 

 there  feel that  do you not find an opening  

 oh  yes  but how am i to get in there won t it hurt you  

 i will show you  

she turned on her back  opened her legs  and desired me to mount on her
belly  with my legs between hers  then guiding my rampant pego  and
rubbing its great head up and down the lips to moisten it  she told me
to push gently downwards  for it was so large that i would otherwise
hurt her  playing the novice to perfection  i awkwardly but gently soon
thrust it in  up to the codpiece  she uttered an  oh  oh   when it was
fairly hilted  then throwing her legs over my loins  and her arms round
my waist  she begged me to move my bottom backwards and forwards  always
thrusting it in as far as i could  three or four pushes finished me off 
in the great excitement i was under  she  too  died away with a great
convulsive sigh  i took care to cry out 

 oh  my dear mamma oh  stop  i am dying i i am dy dy ing  

her convulsive internal pressures were delicious  and quickly roused my
prick up again  she also had come to  and had glued her lips to
mine giving her own  and then asking in return for my tongue to suck 

 oh  what heavenly joys  my dear mamma  you did  indeed  reduce its
hardness  but just feel it has got hard again  you must reduce it once
more  

 my beloved boy  i shall always be ready to do so  but it must be the
most sacred secret between us  or i should never be able to do it
again  

you may well suppose my protestations were of the strongest  at it we
went again  and again  and again  mamma declared that i was a most apt
scholar  four times did i pour into her foaming and fiery cunt torrents
of sperm  at last she insisted upon my withdrawing  saying it would
injure my health to indulge any more  so i withdrew  and we embraced
each other most lovingly  i now expressed a wish to see the wonderful
place that had given me the ecstasies of paradise  she lent herself with
admirable grace and ease to my boyish curiosity  and even threw off her
shift  making me do the same  that she too might admire the undisguised
beauties of my form  there was no pretence in the great admiration i
expressed for her really superb form  but i expressed it in a naive and
innocent way  that made her laugh heartily  and confirmed her idea that
she was not only the first naked woman i had seen  but that she was the
first i ever knew  or who had taught me what sensual pleasure meant  and
great was her delight in thinking she had taken my virginity  and been
the first to initiate me in love s delightful mysteries  of course  i
did everything i could in order to carry on the deception she was so
much pleased with  and i may add this was the last time i ever did so 
for daily becoming more of a man  i took  things  by the forelock at
once  and rarely failed to succeed  we got up  and she turned herself
round in every way for me to see the rare beauties of her person herself
explaining to me where she was well made bosom  buttocks  belly so white
and smooth  without a wrinkle  although she had had a son  she was 
indeed  one of those rare cases where nothing remains to tell of such an
event  her bosom  without being so large as aunt s  was gloriously white
and firm  with such pink nipples  larger than in a maid  but sticking
out hard and inviting a suck  then her cunt for she laid herself on her
back  opened her legs  and allowed me the closest inspection  i have
already alluded to her clitoris  as described by ellen to harry  it was
charmingly developed  about half the length of miss frankland s  and not
so thick  as i felt her cunt and introduced my fingers to hold it open 
she got excited  and master clitoris raised his head  and came out of
his corner in full stand  i professed great surprise to find she had a
little doodle of her own  i purposely used the boyish expression  i
began to play with it 

 oh   i said   i must kiss it  

i did so  and began to suck it  she got dreadfully lewd  and seizing
upon my now again standing prick  drew me upon her  and introduced once
more my master weapon  with greater slowness until the final crisis drew
near  we had another delicious fuck  she was a woman of very warm
passions  and the long pent up seclusion she had kept herself in with
regard to our sex being once broken  now that the flood gates were
opened  there was no resisting the torrent of her lascivious passions 
twice again did we fuck without withdrawing  then  after hugging and
thanking me for the ecstasies i threw her into  she rose for a natural
purpose  and advised me to do the same  and we would then both lave
ourselves with cold water to restore our nerves  she laved me and i her 
she then insisted on my lying down on my back  while she admired what
she called the masterpiece of nature  from seeing and feeling  she soon
came to sucking  up he got in a moment  playing the ignoramus  i asked
if it was not possible that we could both enjoy that pleasure at once 

 oh  yes  my dear boy  i am so delighted to find that this pleases you 
lie on your back  i shall get over you in the reverse way  and while i
suck this enormous jewel  whose head i can hardly get into my mouth  you
shall do as you like with my notch  

 is that what you call it  dear mamma  

 that is one name  and it has many others  but you men generally call it
cunt  as we call yours prick  it is just as well you should know their
ordinary names  as children only call them fanny and doodle  

 prick and cunt oh  i shan t forget  so let me have that beautiful cunt
to suck  

we had a mutual gamahuche  and both greedily swallowed the double
result  and continued our caresses of both parts  until they were again
in full vigour  and inspired with a desire for more solid enjoyments 

 my darling boy  you are so apt and excellent a scholar that i must show
you there are several ways of allaying the stiffness of this dear
fellow  who seems as desirous as ever to have his hardness taken out of
him  i shall show you how my husband liked best to enjoy me  

she scrambled up on her knees  and presented her very fine bottom  told
me to kneel behind and give her my prick in her hand  which she thrust
out backwards between her thighs  i did so  she told me it would appear
to get further in this way  and  in fact  it did  after it was all in
until thighs and buttocks met  she told me to admire  praise  and handle
the splendid cheeks of her bottom  and said that such praise greatly
excited her  of course i did so  admiring not only their size and
fairness  but also the beautiful curly silk meshes that ran between the
cheeks  covered her beautifully pink bottom hole  charmingly puckered as
it was  and ran up to the flat of her back  after i had so excited her 
she begged me to lean forward  and to handle one bubby while i should
play with her clitoris with the other hand  i did all this tolerably
well  but with somewhat of awkwardness  she said i would soon be
perfect  we ran again two courses before she fell forward dragging me
down without withdrawing  and then turning on our sides  still
intertwined we fell off into a deep slumber  and did not awaken till
daylight  mamma jumped out of bed  unseating me by the act  she was
alarmed lest the hour should be late enough for the household to be up 
i tried hard to persuade her to reduce once more the hardness which had
again seized me as she might see and feel for herself 

 no  my dear boy  we must not be imprudent  my niece may have awakened
and grown anxious at my absence  and she may rise to seek me  so
good bye  my darling  go to sleep again  

she embraced me tenderly  but i could not prevail upon her to go
further  although she promised to seek an opportunity during the day 
and to give me as much as i liked the next night  she left me  and i
pondered over the lucky chance that had put so desirable and fine a
woman into my arms  and also congratulated myself on the stratagem by
which i had fully convinced her that she was my first instructress in
the art of love  a circumstance ever dear to the ardent imagination of
the darling sex  i easily fell asleep again  wondering how harry in the
meantime had got on with his cousin  my dear mamma would not allow me to
be disturbed  she had entered my room once or twice  and found me
sleeping soundly 

at last she again entered  just as i had satisfied a natural want for
which i had risen  to rush to her  to embrace her tenderly  to fasten
the door  and compel her  not much against her will  to come towards the
bed  to beg her to lie on her belly on the bedside  to cant her
petticoats up  to kneel and gamahuche her cunt from behind until she
begged me to rise and fuck her  was but the work of a minute or two  and
then my stiff standing pego  aided by the mouthful of thick saliva
occasioned by the gamahuche  was directed at her cunt  and driven home
as far as the buttocks or her fine backside would allow  my prick being
fairly sheathed  i paused for a moment to handle and praise the beauty
of her posterior orbs  then  stooping  i nibbled at her bubbies with one
hand  and frigged her clitoris with the other  sharp set  with my long
rest and refreshing sleep  i rapidly ran a first course  but not quicker
than the lascivious nature of dear mamma  who joined me in a copious
discharge with the most ecstatic joy  and the most delicious inward
pressures  for she was a perfect and most accomplished actor in the
combats of love  and in her own way was worthy of my glorious aunt and
my loved miss frankland  and as thoroughly accomplished as they in all
the abandon of lust and lubricity  although at the moment i had only
proved things in an ordinary way  her exquisite internal suctions almost
prevented the slightest relaxation in my delighted pego  and after a
minute or two of indulgence in the after joy  i began again almost
before dear mamma had recovered her senses  when she tried to tear
herself away  but before she knew where she was i had succeeded in again
firing her ardent and lascivious nature  and she became as eager for a
second course as myself  this was naturally longer than the first fiery
one  i raised myself upright on my knees  contemplated with the utmost
delight the uncommon active play of her loins  and the exquisite side
wriggling of her very fine backside  i loudly praised her delicious
manoeuvres  and seconded them to the utmost  until getting more and more
excited  fast and furious grew our movements  i bent down to second her
by frigging her clitoris  and the final crisis seized us both with its
agony of joy  and i sank almost insensible on her back  we lay for a
short time lost to everything  until mamma  remembering the risk we ran
of discovery  begged me to withdraw  and let her go away  she rose and
threw herself into my arms  glueing her lips to mine with a most loving
kiss  then stooping  she gave my now pendant prick a most delicious
suck  making her tongue play into and around the mouth of the urethra 
this was so delicious that the delighted member instantly showed its
appreciation of the pleasure by starting up in full swing  mamma gave it
a pat  and said he was a most charming and delicious boy  who did not
know how to behave himself  again she kissed me  and tore herself away 
but i could easily see the regret was as great on her side as mine  she
told me her son had been as lazy as i was  and said that breakfast was
waiting for us both  i quickly finished my toilet and found them all at
the breakfast table 

ellen blushed deeply when she saw me  a glance from harry assured me he
had succeeded  and that ellen not only knew what i had been about  but
also that i knew what she had been doing  hence her high colour when she
saw me  i smiled  and nodded to her knowingly  and as she had observed
the intelligent glance that passed between harry and me  it did not tend
to put her at her ease 

mamma  of course  knew nothing of what had passed in her bed while she
was with me  and was all affectionate attention to the whole party  but
with a marked tendency to pay me more particular attention  our
breakfast was late  so we had to hurry ourselves for church  mamma drove
ellen in a small pony phaeton  while harry and i took a short cut across
the fields 

harry told me how he had watched his mother and had quietly approached
my door  and as the bed was exactly opposite the key hole  had seen and
enjoyed her proceedings  especially as he knew that i only pretended
sleep 

 by jove   he said   what a fine woman mother is  i could not tear
myself away  and remained until you both went at it again  stark naked 
my mother s beautiful hairy cunt  fine bubbies and backside  nearly
drove me mad with desire  i could have violated her if she had been
alone  and  then  her energy in fucking was superb  i could hold out no
longer  but rushed to dear ellen s side  she was asleep  i took her in
my arms  and awoke her by feeling her delicious young cunt  she opened
her eyes  and thinking it was mamma she turned round to repay the
compliment  and started on having hold of my pego  

  why  harry dear  how came you here  we shall be caught by mamma  

  oh  no  my love  mamma is better engaged  and has slipped away to
charlie s room to get done to her what i am going to do to you  

 she was too much alarmed to believe me  and i was obliged to bring her
to your door  i first peeped  and saw you were still at it  mamma s legs
and arms thrown around you allowed me to see your great big thing
rushing in and out  and driving home with immense vigour  i whispered to
ellen to peep  while she did so  stooping  i sat down on the floor and
gamahuched her  she spent almost immediately  and was so excited that it
quite filled my mouth  i rose on my legs  and bringing my prick against
her cunt  made an entrance as far as over the nut  but was myself so
excited with all i was doing  and all i had previously seen  that i went
off in an agony of delight and with a suppressed cry  which must have
been heard by you and mamma if you had not been so busily engaged  ellen
had been so excited and so intent on the to her new scene enacting
before her eyes  that she had never ceased gazing on it  and left me to
do whatever i pleased  but my cry alarmed her  especially as in my last
forward push i had sent her head with some noise against the door  she
rose  and so unseated me from the slight hold i had got of her cunt  she
turned round to embrace me most excitedly  and whispered that we must go
elsewhere  i took her round the waist  and we quickly regained mamma s
bed  the light enabled me to find a towel  i told ellen it was to
prevent any moisture betraying our acts  she was far too excited and
wishful for the article to make the slightest resistance  or even
pretence of refusal  i begged her to throw off her shift  as she had
seen both charlie and mamma were quite naked  she at once complied 
being now as eager for the fray as myself  i  too  threw off my
nightshirt  for a moment we embraced each other s naked bodies  my cock
was as stiff as iron  she lewdly laid hold of it  while i handled her
charming young cunt  i helped her onto the bed  she at once lay down on
her back  and threw open her legs as she had seen mamma do  i stopped
and gave her cunt  all oozing with her own and my spunk  a warm kiss 
and with a lick or two on her budding clitoris  i fired her even to
greater excess than she had yet been in 

  oh  come to my arms  my dear harry  and let us do as they were so
delightedly doing  

 she had noted with what rapture mamma was enjoying you  and she had
noted  too  what a much larger cock yours was than mine  so she had
naturally reasoned that if one so big gave her aunt so much delight 
my smaller one could not possibly hurt her  hence her eagerness to
have me at once  i did not baulk her  but throwing myself between her
wide spread thighs  i soon brought the point of my prick to the longing
lips of her little virgin cunt  i rubbed it up and down in between
the pouting and self opened lips  partly to moisten it  and partly
to still more excite her lust  i then gently pressed it forward  and
introduced just its head  and drawing it in and out  made her beg me to
go further  i did so  slowly  until i found there was an impediment  i
knew that i must burst through this and that it would hurt her  so i
continued withdrawing and re entering without going further until she
became so voraciously lewd as to throw her legs around my loins and
heave her bottom up to meet my thrusts  i seized the fortunate moment
and with one downright violent thrust burst through every barrier and
buried my prick in her up to the very hilt  the attack and its result
was so unexpected by ellen that when she felt the knife like thrust
of agony she gave a shriek of pain  and made an immediate effort to
throw me off  i was too firmly seated for any other result of her
struggles than the still more complete rupture of her maidenhead  which
my forward thrust had partially effected  i lay for some time quite
tranquil  and when her immediate pain wore off i commenced a gentle
in and out movement  which  without exactly exciting her  produced a
pleasing sensation  i then went on faster and faster until the crisis
came upon me  and i shot into her a torrent of boiling sperm that by
its balmy nature mollified the previous smarting  so that when i had
recovered from the delicious ecstasies of my first success  and my
prick gradually resumed its former vigour  i found by the somewhat
increased pressure upon it that her passions were re awakening  three
times did i fuck her before i withdrew  the last one appeared to give
her more pleasure  but still she complained of a smarting pain as i
passed over and over the shattered hymen  i advised her to rise and
lave herself as a relief  and to wash away the stains of blood from
her thighs  the towel was a fortunate thought on your part  but  in
fact  i had followed in all my movements the sage counsels you had
given me from the experience you had had in taking the virginities
of mrs  vincent and your two sisters  or i should otherwise probably
have bungled the matter  although my experience with your magnificent
aunt had naturally put me up to all the art of fucking  i had some
difficulty in persuading ellen to let me put it in again  as she
declared she had endured perfect agony when i broke through her
maidenhead  however  i gamahuched her well  got her passions up 
moistened the shaft well  and was very gentle in entering and in my
first movements  i spent without making her do so  but the well greased
sheath now allowing more easy movements  she gave down her nature with
considerable pleasure as i spent the second time  still there was fear
and restraint fear lest mamma might come back so i thought it advisable
to retire to my own room  being quite certain that now the road is open
her lascivious nature will not be long in enabling her to enjoy the
sport to the utmost  by the way  she could not help wondering how mamma
could take in your immense pego  why  she said  it was as thick as her
wrist and much longer than her hand  and yet it seemed to slip into
mamma with ease and pleasure   while yours  dear harry  which is not
thicker than my two forefingers  and hardly much longer  has given me
such pain   i assured her it was only for the first night  and that if
she would bathe it with warm water two or three times during the day 
and put up a little glycerine as far as where it hurt  which her finger
could easily reach  she would find that tomorrow night there would no
longer be any pain felt  and she would enjoy it as much as she had seen
mamma do  with this advice i left her to her repose  and gained my own
room unobserved  

after this we concerted together as to what we should say to the doctor 
who was sure to question us  mrs  dale s cottage was not in our parish 
but she had driven over to our church  partly to throw off all suspicion
from the doctor s mind  and also to thank him for allowing us to stay
with her 

we  therefore  knew that we should have to go to the rectory and stay
for luncheon  we agreed that we should not on this occasion take the
doctor into our confidence  but that we should tell him we had purposely
been very quiet and discreet  so as to throw harry s mother off her
guard  that ellen slept with her  so that it became doubly necessary to
gain her confidence  this being arranged before we reached church  we
entered  after service we all adjourned to the rectory  the doctor
escorted mrs  dale  harry  ellen  and i my aunt  aunt  pressing my arm 
asked me if i had had mrs  d   as she seemed a fine woman worth having 

 oh  dear no  i have had no opportunity  even if she would have
consented  i have been playing the ingenuous youth to help harry with
his cousin  i thought we had somewhat thrown her off her guard  but she
was still jealous and watched him closely  ellen slept with her  which
rendered things more difficult for harry  she has closely examined me as
to the sort of intimacy existing between us  i threw such an air of
candour and innocence over my replies that she was quite delighted harry
had met with such a companion  i fully expect she will break out in
praises of my  modest  and discreet conduct  

indeed  so it turned out  and mrs  dale did it with such an air of
candour that aunt was quite convinced nothing as yet had occurred
between us  while the ladies discussed the dresses and bonnets of all
who had appeared in church  uncle took harry and me for a walk in the
garden until luncheon was ready  here he began  as aunt had done  to
question us as to our proceedings  and the reason for mrs  d  asking
permission for us to stay  the same replies that had satisfied aunt
satisfied him that nothing as yet had taken place beyond my gaining the
confidence of mrs  d 

 my dear charlie   said uncle   you have only now to manage somehow or
other to let her see your great big cock without apparently your being
aware of it  and i will warrant  from my knowledge of woman s nature 
that she will find a way to have you  only mind you play the innocent 
and be very awkward  and let her appear to teach you  which will give
double pleasure and prevent any questioning as to how you have gained
your instruction  if she thought you instructed  

i smiled inwardly at these sage directions  and thought how completely
all persons knowing in the ways of the world gave the same advice  but
little did uncle then think that i had acted up to the very letter what
he was advising for my future conduct  we re entered the house on
luncheon bell ringing  mrs  dale complimented the doctor on the advance
her son had made both in manners and instruction  and quite naturally
congratulated herself on his finding so very modest and gentlemanly a
companion in the doctor s nephew myself to wit 

returning home  ellen begged she might be allowed to walk  doubtless
calculating on having harry for a companion  but mamma  while agreeing
to her request  was still sufficiently on her guard to take harry in the
phaeton  and leave me to escort ellen  here was a chance  ellen blushed 
but took my arm as we left the rectory  uncle gave me a knowing look 
and a glance at ellen  as we parted  as much as to say  i guess what
will happen  we walked away steadily enough until the first hedge hid
us  i stopped  and embraced ellen tenderly  saying how glad i was to be
able to congratulate her on the happy chance her aunt had given her  by
coming to me for the night  she was a good deal confused at thinking
that i should know how she passed the night  i rallied her upon this 
told her that no secret existed between harry and me  and that  in fact 
if i had not lent myself to the game  she would not have had the
opportunity for the great pleasure she must have had in harry s arms  i
knew she had not had much  but i wished to draw her on  and to make her
open out as to her feelings  being determined to make the most of any
confidence on her part  she replied that  indeed  she had done nothing
but suffer  and would not have allowed harry to do what he did if she
had known the pain it would give her  she had been deceived by seeing
how much aunt had seemed to enjoy what was so greatly superior in size
to what harry had  i smiled at her allusion to the size of my pego  and
knowing that her curiosity must be creating in her a desire to see it  i
told her it was well for her  in the first instance  to have had the
smaller weapon to penetrate her  and that now she would never again
suffer  even by the introduction of so large a one as mine 

 oh  but when i think of the immense size of yours  i could never dare
to allow you to try  although aunt did seem to enjoy it  when you pushed
it in with such force  

 my dear ellen  it was the size alone that tempted mamma  and if i had
not been larger than harry  i doubt if ever she would have come to me at
night  

 but how could she dare to do so  

 curiosity to enjoy an unusually large cock  my dear  

 did you know she was coming  

 yes  and no  i saw that her passions were excited  when i had once
 accidentally  allowed her to see my large proportions  

 yes  harry told me what you were about  but i hardly expected aunt
would have dared to come to you how did it happen  

 well  if you will promise  never  to let your aunt know that i have
told  i shall tell you  she came and found me  apparently  asleep  first
felt me  and seeing i did not awake  carefully uncovered me  looked at 
handled and kissed it  upon which  as my cock was nearly bursting  and i
could stand it no longer  i awoke  and innocently complained of the
stiffness i suffered from in that part  and begged her to tell me if
there was any means of relieving it  she told me there was  but it was a
great secret she hardly dared trust me with and even if she could do so 
she was afraid of a great long thing like  that   three of her hands
long below the head  but that if i promised secrecy  she would try  then
she lay down and taught me how to put it in  and i know you afterwards
enjoyed the sight of our being in full action  quite naked did you not
enjoy it  dear ellen  

 well  dear charlie  it was very exciting  and made me feel queer all
over  but is it really three hands and a head long  

i was delighted at the question  as it showed me she was ready for what
i intended should be done  curiosity once excited was sure to go to the
utmost length  if it had the opportunity  i had purposely been hurrying
on to gain a dense copse through which our path lay  and i knew there
was a snug glade  where we would be in perfect security  it was the
dinner hour of the peasantry  and no one else was likely to come that
way  just as we entered the copse  she had put her last question  i told
her i would show her  if she would step a few yards beyond the foot
path  she objected  for form s sake saying 

 what would harry say  

 there is no occasion for him to know anything about it  but even if he
did  has he not himself shown you mamma and me in full enjoyment of her
sweet charms  but  unless you tell him you may be sure i never shall  it
will not take a minute  and as we have already walked very fast  we have
plenty of time  and our absence will not be observed  

with professed reluctance she allowed me to lead her where i wished 
having arrived at the favourable spot  i sat down on a gentle slope  and
begged her to sit down beside me  as you may well suppose  my prick was
rampant  and almost bursting open my trousers  so that as soon as i
unbuttoned  out it flew in all its splendour  she gave a half scream of
surprise as she gazed upon its large proportions  and declared it looked
larger than when she had seen it with aunt  her face flushed  and her
eyes sparkled as she gazed  but she seemed half frightened to touch it 
i took her hand and placed it on it  she immediately grasped it
convulsively  but sighed deeply  i had lain back on the grass that it
might stand out boldly before her and i told her to try if it was not
three hands and a head long  she immediately passed one hand over the
other from the root  and said it was really monstrous  and she wondered
how aunt could have got it into her 

 oh  my darling  i hope some day you will find that you can take it all
in with the utmost delight  but i should not think of trying until you
have had some more practice with harry  

meanwhile she was handling it with great excitement  and while saying
she was sure i could never succeed with her  she was evidently longing
to be able to take it in  i saw i must work her up more so i said 

 dear ellen  you know what pleasure it gave you and harry to play with
each other with your mouths  it is now your turn to let me see your dear
little thing and then you must lie over me reversed  so that we may
enjoy ourselves with tongues and mouths  

she let me at once pull up her petticoats  but said she feared that even
for that she was still too sore from harry s work last night  i asked if
she had bathed it in warm water and put glycerine up   oh  yes  

at first it smarted  but before going to church  she had done it three
times  and no longer felt any pain  but still was afraid of my finger
going up  i was introducing it at the moment  it passed in its full
length without hurting her 

 now  pull up your petticoats well  and lie down on me  while i do the
same with this charming little cunt  my tongue can only give it the
utmost pleasure  

she herself was now so much excited that she was ready enough to comply
with my desires  she got upon me  her petticoats well canted over her
back  she glued her lips to my prick  and sucked and frigged it with an
energy that proved how highly her passions were fired  her cunt was
already in a foam of spendings  which i first licked up  then sucking
her tiny clitoris  stiffly projecting slightly out  i thrust my middle
finger up her cunt  and by the wriggling of her backside  saw how much
she enjoyed it  introducing a second finger to moisten it  i withdrew
both  and  turning my hand sideways  made each finger enter a separate
aperture  she was already nearly in the grand crisis  it came upon her
before i was ready  she poured a greater discharge into my mouth than i
thought the young thing could have spent  it took her breath away  and
she released her suction of my prick for a minute  but on my begging her
to continue sucking  she did so with increased energy  and i poured out
a torrent of sperm that shot down her throat and nearly choked her  but
the dear girl never let go for all that  and sucked away until not only
was there not a drop left  but by her delicious titillations she had
brought my prick up to its utmost vigour again  i  too  had reawakened
her passions  she wanted to renew the sport in this way again  but i
begged her to allow me to rub the head of my prick up and down between
the well moistened lips of her cunt  and then to spend with the point 
or at most the head  within it  she asked if she could trust me to stop
if it hurt her 

 of course  my darling   i said   nothing shall be done  or rather
everything shall cease the moment you tell me to stop  

half afraid  yet wishing to try  she changed her position to a kneeling
one  i canted her petticoats well over her back  and first kissing and
handling her hard and plump buttocks  which promised a future
perfection  i stooped and again licked her charming pouting cunt with
all its budding fair young curls  then applying my surcharged mouthful
of saliva to my already well moistened prick  i lubricated it completely
from point to root  and then applied it to the half opened lips  rubbing
it up and down here  and over the clitoris  i excited her to the
greatest pitch 

 oh  charlie dear   she cried   try if its head will go in now  and i
will try to bear it  

i was only too glad of the permission  and very rapidly got it in over
the nut  but it was very tight  i drew it half out again  and then  on
repeating this five or six times  found i was imperceptibly gaining
ground 

 oh  dear charles  it is delicious  try on  gently  

i did so  and had got rather more than half way in when she went off in
an agony of delight  deliciously pouring her warm liquid over my
enchanted prick  giving  at the same time  such a push backwards  which 
meeting a firm  though gentle forward movement on my part  joined with
the natural relaxation following her discharge  drove me up to the hilt
in the very tightest little cunt it has ever been my good fortune to
sheath myself in  i seemed to fill every cranny  and to have stretched
every part to its utmost distention  my aunt with her great cunt had a
power of pressure that seemed almost to nip off your prick  miss
frankland  too  was great in that way  but this was more like a very
well made first rate kid glove  two sizes too small for your fingers 
yet giving way without bursting  and fitting every irregularity of the
nail or finger  just so her little cunt fitted my prick exactly like a
glove  and it was truly most ecstatic  a gentle withdrawing  and then as
gentle resheathing  so excited me that i shot a torrent of sperm up into
her very womb  she gave quite a cry of ecstasy  and i could feel the
tight sheath exercising a running movement along the whole length of my
prick  and still more tightly closing all round it if that were
possible  it was so exquisitely delicious that both of us were almost
instantly in readiness for another course 

she asked if i was all in 

 oh  yes  my dear  do you think you could have taken any more  

 oh  no  it appears to fill me to bursting  and to be up to my very
heart  i could not have supported more  but could hardly believe i had
it all  as i did not think it possible  and was afraid there was more to
come  

 did it give you any pleasure  

 oh  yes  and does so still push on  dear charlie  and don t spare me 
it is heavenly  

she wriggled and heaved her backside  i seized her by each hip and
favoured her side movements by  as it were  drawing her off and on 
faster and faster we moved  until at last the crisis seized us both
together  her head sank with a deep sigh  or rather cry of ecstasy  she
would have fallen forward on her belly  but that my grip of her hips
held her bottom close up to my belly  with my prick thrust into the
innermost end of her cunt  until i felt the three points of the opening
of her womb  like the nailless ends of three fingers grasping  as it
were  the very point of my prick  and opening themselves to receive the
whole discharge of my sperm within its innermost recesses  nothing could
be more delicious  and as i held her fast  i was myself in a state of
perfect ecstasy  at last addressing some endearing expressions  and
getting no reply  i found that the dear girl had quite fainted away  and
was insensible in every respect except in the continued convulsive
throbs of her delicious tight cunt  however  finding that she did not
recover her senses  i gently withdrew my still stiff prick  very little
sperm followed the withdrawal  i wiped her cunt dry with my
handkerchief  and was glad to see there was no blood stains  i laid her
gently down on her back  ran to a little stream  and taking two handfuls
of water  came back  threw some on the still throbbing cunt  and
sprinkled her face with the drops that still adhered to my palms  this
had the desired effect  she opened her eyes  raised herself on her
bottom  and threw her arms round my neck as i knelt by her side  telling
me i had made her taste of the joys of heaven  she kissed me  and then
burst into a hysterical flood of tears  i comforted her as best i could
and asked why she wept 

 i don t know  dear charles  but the last time made me feel both sick
and faint just after you had given me such ecstasy as i never dreamt was
possible  i believe i then fainted  and even now  i don t know why but i
feel quite hysterical  

i kissed her tenderly  begged her to rise and come to the spring  where
she could drink and said if she sat down on her feet i would bathe and
cool her dear little cunt  which would probably put all to rights  she
did so  and was quickly quite restored to herself again  she said she
supposed it was my enormous size 

 but it did not hurt me  dear charles  it only gave me too much
pleasure  but you will do it to me another time whenever we have any
opportunity  will you not  dear charlie  

i assured her i should always be too glad to do so  but that we must
neither let her aunt nor harry know of our proceedings  this being
arranged  and she having quite recovered from the pallor her fainting
fit had caused  we resumed our course homeward  and so hurried on that
harry  who had come to meet us found us getting over the stile of the
last field  and was even disappointed that we had got so far  for we
were now in sight of the cottage  he had hoped to find us much further
back  and that i might have favoured his having a go at his cousin
before reaching home  ellen squeezed my arm  i said it was just as well
as it was  for any imprudence might have awakened his mother s
suspicions  and prevented a night of pleasure  which would be far better
than any uncomfortable field affair 

when we arrived at home  mamma thought that ellen looked fatigued  and
advised her to go and lie down on her bed  and take an hour s siesta 
she told us boys we had better do the same  as she had some private
matters to attend to  harry and i saw immediately what was meant  and we
betook ourselves to our respective rooms  i to expect mamma  who did not
fail to come  and harry to watch her  and then made the most of the
opportunity with his cousin  i quickly undressed  and when mamma came i
found she had divested herself of stays and undergarments  so when she
undid her gown  and let fall her shift  she stood in all the naked glory
of her beautiful form  i flew to embrace her most lovingly  both our
hands wandered and being both in full heat  we were at it in a moment
fast and furious  i drove on  admirably seconded by dear mamma  and we
quickly both gave down at the same instant a most delicious libation on
the altar of venus  and then died away in all the after enjoyment  we
lay for nearly a quarter of an hour soaking in the delicious bliss of
satisfied desire  mamma  on coming to her senses  kissed me most
tenderly  and declared she had never believed it possible that she could
have had such exquisite delight 

 but then  my dear charles  i never dreamt that any man  let alone a boy
like you  could be so magnificently hung  oh  it is also such joy to me
to think i have first taught you the real joys of coition  and tasted
the first sweets of that most glorious weapon  my dear charlie  i must
contemplate its beauties in this full light  withdraw the dear fellow
and turn on your back  

i did so  she rose  and turning in the reverse position  brought her
lovely foaming cunt right down on my mouth  i sucked up all the
delicious foam oozing from the aperture  then drawing into my mouth her
half stiffened clitoris  which was then pendant like a little boy s
cock  i soon sucked it into its utmost rigidity  frigging her rich
pouting cunt with two fingers  the while  she  on her part  was not
idle  first playing with my prick  covering and uncovering its head 
which soon made it stand up in all of its glory  she was profuse and
loud in its praises  then getting too excited for mere admiration  she
took it in her mouth and sucked it  and manipulated it with one hand 
fingering my codpiece with the other  i then found her fingers were
feeling and tickling my bottom hole  she took her mouth from off my
prick  and paused a moment  then again applied her finger to my
fundament  and made it gently penetrate as far as it would go  the
previous pause had evidently been for the purpose of moistening her
finger with her saliva that it might slip in easily  i was delighted to
find that she had come to this  but pretending ignorance  i stopped my
proceedings to ask her what she was doing to my bottom  which could give
me such exquisite delight 

 it is my finger  my dear charles  my late husband was always delighted
with my doing this  and used also to add greatly to my pleasure by doing
the same to me  

 shall i do so to you  dear mamma  

 oh  yes  my darling boy  moisten your finger first and then do it in my
bottom hole  as you have been doing it in my cunt  

 but i think i can do both at the same time  they are so close
together  

 you are a delightful darling  do so  and it will be double pleasure to
me  

so i immediately commenced to postillion her to her and my extreme
gratification  we soon spent with the utmost delight  and both swallowed
all we could get  continuing our suctions until the passions of both
were again excited  i now declared i must fuck her again in the kneeling
position  in which she had before given me such exquisite pleasure  as
she drew a little higher up  i flung my arms round her fine backside 
and glued my lips to her bottom hole  and thrust my tongue in and out 

 oh  charles  dear  what are you doing  oh  how delightful  

and she wriggled her backside over my mouth in a most voluptuous and
lascivious way 

 oh  rise my darling  and fuck me  you have made me so very lewd  

i drew myself up on my knees behind her  and was into her with wild
ferocity that made her cry out with joy as she felt the mighty
instrument rush within her  i stooped and frigged her clitoris at her
desire  but wishing to contemplate the glorious movement of her backside
i begged her to frig herself that i might be able to do so  seizing hold
of her hips  i drew her splendid bottom off and on my stiff and glowing
prick with such immense delight to her that she went off and spent
profusely  the hot stream bathing my delighted prick  but having already
fucked ellen so shortly before  and having spent twice at the present
time  i remained for a while quiet  with mamma s exquisite cunt
deliriously throbbing round it to the infinite enjoyment of my cock  i
stooped and nibbled with my fingers at one of her nipples  i played with
and frigged her very fine clitoris  which was soon in stiff standing
excitement again  being cool myself  i soon worked her up into the
wildest state of excitement by my frigging and the throbbings of my
prick  aided with occasional long slowly drawn out movements  and then
as slowly regaining ground until within the last three inches  when it
was thrust vigorously forward  and kept there for her convulsive
pressures on it  i kept this up until she was almost wild with lust  and
cried out for more vigorous movements  i did not immediately comply  but
continued my exciting proceedings until she bit the pillow in the
madness of her lust  then i drove on fast and furious  amid cries of
delight and ecstasy on her part  until the grand crisis overtook us both
at the same instant in a perfect fury and agony of delight  i had
previously left the frigging to herself  and had seized her hips and
enjoyed the glorious sight of the furious contortions of her bottom
under the excessive lubricity of her wildly excited lasciviousness  she
died away in such excess of ecstasy that she would have fallen on her
belly but for the grip i had upon her hips  and the pressure with which
i drew back her glorious bottom against my belly  i threw back my head
in the agony of delight  and brayed like a donkey as i had done once
before when fucking the luscious frankland  and felt the three pointed
entrance to her womb close upon and nibble at the point of my prick so
delightfully  just as dear ellen s had done in the wood  as i came to my
senses i spoke to dear mamma  and found that she too had fainted away 
and was quite insensible to everything but the convulsive inner
movements of her delicious cunt  i withdrew and laid her gently down on
her side  bringing a tumbler of water  a sponge  and towel  i opened her
splendid thighs  sponged and bathed her cunt  which showed but little of
the torrent of sperm i had just poured into it  i then sprinkled her
face  and she came to with a deep sigh  her first utterance was to bless
me for the joy i had given her  which was in fact too much  and then she
burst into tears and became quite hysterical  i thought it odd that i
should have produced the same effect upon her more accustomed and more
developed organs as i had done on dear ellen  i comforted her in my
boyish way  and asked how it was that the effect should have been
different from anything she had previously experienced with me 

 ah  my dear boy   she said  with a deep sigh   you have caused me such
extreme sensations that i fear you must have got me with child  you
seemed to penetrate my very womb  and to excite me far beyond anything i
ever previously remember  

 my loved mamma  can i possibly get a child  

 get a child  indeed   she replied   yes  a dozen  with such a great
monster of a cock  that so excites us poor women  

i embraced her most tenderly  and said i was so happy to think i should
be the father of a child of hers 

 alas  my dear boy  it may be joy to you  but what a sorrow it will be
to me if such should be the case  think how i should lose position in
the world if it should be known  and even if by going abroad i could
hide my shame from the public  still what shifts and contrivances i
should be put to to ensure secrecy  but never mind  my darling  i would
run twice such risk to enjoy your person  and secure your affection  you
must ever cherish and love me  my charlie  for i risk good name and fame
for you  but now i must be gone  or we shall be sought for  try and
sleep a little  my dear boy  for i am sure you need it after your
exertions  and remember you must gain strength to renew them this
night  

she kissed me lovingly  rose  put on her things and left me to repose 
but i could not help thinking of what she had said about fearing that
that peculiar fuck in which she had fainted portended fructification  if
so  i thought dear ellen will probably be in the same predicament  for
the result was precisely the same with her  i may here observe that
mamma s fears became certainties  both in her case and ellen s 
eventually they both left the country together  when staying would have
brought on discovery  and  curiously enough  they were both delivered of
daughters on the same day  of both i was the happy father  although
harry had the credit of ellen s child  but she herself always asserted
to me that it was the delicious fuck in the wood that did the mischief 
and from the peculiar effect produced on both mothers on that day  i
never had any doubt of the real paternity  besides  the child grew up my
very image  mamma s daughter was superbly developed when she became a
young woman  she had even a larger clitoris than miss frankland  with
which she absolutely deflowered her sister s cousin at the age of
fourteen  i may also incidentally observe that at the age of fifteen i
had both their maidenheads  as far as the male sex was concerned  and
harry and i often fucked them together in every way  and my darling
daughter with her long and large clitoris has often fucked my bottom 
while i was doing the same to her sister  with harry below fucking her
whom he believed to be his daughter  but this belongs to my latter
experiences  and has nothing to do with the present period of my life 
though  perhaps  i may be tempted hereafter to enter into all the
details of my middle age and later experiences 

dear reader  pardon me this digression  to resume  i slept soundly for
an hour  then rose  and strolled in the garden with harry  who related
to me how he had taken advantage of mamma s occupation to steal into
ellen s room  she had been much afraid  the sly pussey  to allow him to
enter again  but when once he got within  and she found it did not hurt
her  but the contrary  she got extremely lewd  and they had two splendid
fucks  then stealing along to my door to peep as to how we were getting
on  we so excited them again that he had another from behind  while she
stooped and peeped all the time  for it was when i was fucking mamma
from behind  on my knees  and they concluded it would be our last for
the present  when they had brought matters to a finish they separated 
and mamma had found ellen fast asleep 

 but  by jove  charlie   said harry   how splendid mother fucks  i quite
envied you  and i shall never rest until i get into her myself  how
gloriously she wriggles her backside  and how lusciously she enjoys
fucking  to be sure such a mighty prick as yours is enough to stir up
every passion  it astonished  and i think made ellen more lewd  although
she is sure she could never take in such a monster  

i smiled at thinking how easily the very youngest of the fair sex
deceives us  but i took care not to let harry know my opinion 

we re entered for dinner  and spent a pleasant evening  which was the
forerunner to the delights of the night  mamma came as soon as she
thought ellen fast asleep  which ellen took very good care should soon
be the case  in a moment  she was quite naked  and clasped to my equally
naked body  i had been expecting her  and thinking over the delights of
our last fuck  so that i was rampant before her arrival  she was equally
eager for the fray  and at it we went hammer and tongs  and soon brought
the first bout to a close  in mutual  ah s   and  oh s   of delight  we
soaked for some time in the delicious enjoyment  then mamma scolded both
herself and me for our precipitation  saying that we threw away all the
luxury and abandon of fucking when we went at it in such haste  it was
in that way mere animal instinct  and wanted all the lascivious delight
of lubricity and skill in fucking  she said  now that the edge was taken
off our appetites  we must begin again with a mutual gamahuche  she rose
first to piddle  and allowed me to see the rush of water from her
delicious cunt  then lighting two more candles  she placed two at the
foot of the bed  and two at the head  by which we should both have the
advantage of seeing all we were caressing  then i lay down on my back 
and she mounted on me  in reverse  thus bringing her bottom down over my
face  i thrust my tongue up her cunt  and licked up the delicious spunk
oozing down from the inside  her piddle had washed all away from the
pouting lips  then taking her charming clitoris in my mouth  i sucked it
up to its greatest stiffness  i had thrust three fingers into her cunt 
and when i found she had thrust hers into my bottom  i transferred them
all into her beautiful pink bum hole  they were very greasy from my
sperm coming down upon them when in her cunt  and as she favoured their
entrance by pushing out her bottom  all three slipped in  without 
apparently  her thinking it was more than one  i was delighted to see
how easily it stretched out  for this gave me great ground to hope that
i should be able to manage to get my large pego within  which i was
fully resolved upon doing  but it required a little artfulness to do so
without raising her suspicions that it was no new road to me  she
brought matters to a conclusion much as before  and when re excited 
mamma proposed to teach me a new way  which was by her mounting on me 
and staking herself on my standing pego  like others before her  she did
not stoop down upon me until she had made herself spend where she was 
while i saved myself for further fucking 

when she died off  she sank on my bosom  i clasped her waist with one
arm  sucked the bubby nearest my mouth  and reaching round my other arm 
i brought my hand over her bottom to the delightful orifice  first
moistening my finger with her spending which was oozing out between the
lips of her cunt and my standing prick  i thrust my finger into her
bottom hole  and worked it in and out  to her infinite satisfaction  she
cried out in the excess of her lewdness 

 oh  my dear boy  that is just as my dear husband used to do  and it
gave me great pleasure  but not near so much as you do  for your dear
prick is twice as large as his was  and fills me with an excess of
pleasure which was never approached with him  

all this led up to a superb and lascivious fuck  in which we both died
away in mutual ecstasy  with cries of voluptuousness  and then lay
soaking in delight until her weight forced me to beg her to turn on her
side  we then had a long sweet chat of love  turning the talk on her
suspicions of having got with child at the morning prayers  i remarked
that she had had only one child by her husband  and as he had lived many
years after harry s birth  and from what she said  she had continued to
be enjoyed by him  it was  therefore  not probable she would now be got
in the family way 

 that appears probable  my dear boy  but then he took precaution not to
get any more children  

 but what precautions could he take  and how did he do so  

 you are a curious boy  but i shall tell you  he used to continue long
at it  making me spend two or three times before he did  and then when
he felt it coming he used to withdraw  and his prick being all moist  he
would slip it into my bottom  and spend there as soon as ever he got the
head of it inside  

 and did that give you any pleasure  mamma  

 he had excited me  and made me spend several times before he did so 
and beyond slight irritation i did not feel much pleasure  as he was
generally so near the crisis that he could scarce do more than get its
head in when off he went 

 did he ever get it in altogether and then did it give you pleasure  

 sometimes he did when he had drawn it out of my cunt too soon  in such
cases he used to pause until by rubbing my clitoris he got me into a
renewed state of lewdness  and then the pleasure was peculiar and
great  

 oh  my dear  mamma  you must let me too fuck you in that way  and then
you know we shall get no children  

 my darling charlie  it is impossible that this great big thing could
ever get into that orifice  my late husband s was not half your size 
and he had great difficulty unless i had already spent three or four
times and relaxed all those parts  i should not dare to let you attempt
it  

 oh  yes my darling mamma  you will let me just get its point in and
spend there  i should so like to try  we will fuck two or three times
first  and then after the third time i shall frig you till you spend
first  and so i shall be ready just to put in the point for you to try
how it feels  

 but  my dear boy  the least throb on my part will push it out  unless
it is in over the nut  and only look what a size it is  i can hardly
grasp it  and although it is so velvety it is quite hard  oh  the dear
fellow  let me kiss it  and then do you fuck me again  my darling  

she bent her body  gave me a delicious suck  then throwing herself on
her back  and opening her beautiful thighs  invited me to mount her 
before doing so i also bent and sucked her charming and well developed
clitoris  until she squealed again with pleasure  and begged me to put
it to her  i threw myself on her belly  and with one vigorous shove
drove my rampant prick up to the hilt  making her all shake again  she
was so hotly wound up that she spent with the single shove  and poured a
flood of hot liquid over my delighted prick  i  too  would have gone off
in two more thrusts had she not thrown her arms and legs around me  and
slipping her hands over my buttocks  held me tight pressed against the
pouting and greedy lips of her salacious cunt as if she would shove in
ballocks  buttocks and all  if it were possible  so keeping it tightly
thrust in up to the lowest hair  which lay all crushed between us  i let
her indulge in all the delight of perfect conjunction  responding to her
delicious throbbing cunt with powerful throbs of my own highly excited
prick  for more than a quarter of an hour did she lie panting and
convulsively sobbing in the perfect ecstasy of enjoyment  at last she
drew my mouth down to hers  and thrust her sweet tongue into my mouth  i
sucked it  and her hands relaxing the pressure of my buttocks  against
her cunt  i began a slow in and out movement that soon renewed her
utmost lubricity  most actively and divinely did she second me with an
art quite her own  fast and furious grew our movements  until  like all
things human  they came to an end in a death like agony of delight  in
which my very soul seemed to take flight  and we lay all unconscious 
for i don t know how long  enjoying all those exquisite after delights
which a prick soaking in the cunt of a beautiful and lewd woman so
enchantingly confers  when we recovered  we rolled over sideways  and
still intertwined and conjoined in the sweet priapic bonds  we lay
billing and cooing with all those soft loving murmurings and bitings so
befitting such moments  at last both were again ready  and longing for
the fight  i proposed the delicious kneeling position  she saw at once
my object  and said i was a little traitor  who wanted to surprise her
bottom hole 

 but  my darling boy  it is really impossible  

i embraced  flattered  cajoled  and implored her until at last she
promised that if i would engage on honour not to go further  she would
try and support the entrance of my prick as far as over the nut  but
that i must really withdraw it if it was too painful for her  so these
preliminaries being arranged  she got into position  first stooping to
lick out her delicious cunt  and give a suck or two at her charming
clitoris  i brought my eager prick to the pouting and longing lips of
her delicious cunt  and after two or three rubs  thrust it in with a
rush that made my belly smack against her glorious backside  we then lay
quiet  throbbing mutually in the luxury of voluptuousness  i passed a
hand under her belly  and frigging her clitoris quickly  made her come
in an ecstasy of delight  i only gave her time for one or two throbs of
my prick  and knowing that nothing so much delights a lecherous woman as
quick movements almost immediately after spending  i commenced rapid
series of thrusts  shoving my prick well up to the hilt every time  and
talking grossly all the while  such as 

 does not that shove make you quiver  there you have it to the ballocks
in your lascivious and delicious cunt    c 

she grew madly lewd  called me her own dear delightful fucker 

 yes  yes  i feel it is up to the root  i have it well in  my dear boy 
your dear  great big prick  it kills me kills kills me with joy  oh  oh 
oh  

she squealed again with all the lewdness of the most delicious spend 
she had hardly gone off  and was yet in all the throes of delight when
i  too  feeling i could hold out no longer  suddenly withdrew the
reeking shaft  and bringing it to bear against the corrugated and
beautiful orifice of her bottom  attempted to introduce it 
notwithstanding the fury of my excitement  i was sufficiently gentle to
push in without force  and sheathed it over the nut without difficulty
or drawing a murmur from dear mamma  who fulfilled her promise  and did
her utmost to help me by pushing out her big bum  and offering no
resistance with her sphincter muscles  i was so highly wound up that
even if i had promised to be content with the insertion of the head  i
could not have gone on further  as the access seized me with such
killing sweetness that i melted away  shooting a torrent of sperm far up
into her entrails  and then losing all power of even the slightest
further thrusts  i suppose it was the long holding back to let mamma
spend two or three times that had wrought me up to such a high pitch of
nervous excitement that when i spent i seemed to lose all power of
further advance  this was the first time i ever felt this momentary
impuissance  but it was by no means the last  it generally follows the
holding back your spending powers in the fuck that leads to it  the
delicious throbbings of dear mamma s luscious cunt  which were repeated
in her arms  soon reawakened my momentarily dormant powers  my prick had
gone down more than usual  so that it was only a soft half stiffness
that ensued  but enough to enable me to give it a forward movement  and
it slipped almost imperceptibly in quite as far as he could go before
dear mamma had recovered from the ecstasy of her last discharge  as she
came to  i continued convulsively catching my breath  as if i were still
in that exquisite sensation of half consciousness  i felt her pass her
hand between her thighs  and heard her murmur 

 why  i declare he is up to the hilt  

her gentle touch on my cods  which she took in her hand and fondly
caressed  made my prick stiffen sensibly  she felt this  and caressed
them more until she made it stand as stiff as ever  still imbedded to
the utmost in that delicious bottom  which by its increased throbbings 
seemed rather to welcome the stranger than repulse him  i pretended now
to recover my full consciousness  and cried out 

 oh  where am i  i have never known such heavenly joy  

she raised her face up from the pillow 

 why  you naughty boy  you have actually gone in up to the hilt  ah  you
have broken your promise  but i forgive you  only don t move yet  

i assured her i did not know how it got there  as i had spent and lost
consciousness as soon as ever his head was within 

here i throbbed  and was met by as delicious a pressure  i passed my
hand round her belly  and found her clitoris stiff and excited  i rubbed
with the fingers of the other hand at one of her hard projecting
nipples  she soon grew madly lewd  and began a side wriggle on my
rampant prick  i lay still  determined to let her passions demand
movement of my part  i had not to wait long  she begged me to try a
gentle movement  i obeyed  and slowly withdrew but a short way  and as
slowly returned  soon her lubricity got beyond all bounds  she begged me
to draw out further and somewhat quicker then quicker and quicker  until
we both were in an excess of furious lust  which knew no bounds  we
rushed on to the final crisis with mutual cries of agonised delight 
indeed  mamma squealed so loud that i afterwards thought she must have
been heard  her pleasure was of the wildest  and when i poured a flood
of sperm up her entrails at the very moment she herself was spending  we
both fell forward and fainted away  i was too much lost in ecstatic joy
myself to observe this  but lay long a tightly held prisoner engulphed
in that most exquisite joy giving aperture  at last i became aware that
mamma had really fainted  so drawing my prick out with somewhat of a
good pull  for he was most tightly held  and came out with a flop  i
rose and brought some water to mamma  i sprinkled her face  and she
opened her eyes  which beamed the intensest love upon me  her lips
murmured something  i put the tumbler to her mouth  she drank with
avidity  then looking at me again with the most loving expression  she
said 

 my darling boy  you will kill me with delight  never oh  never have i
known such joy  it was too much for me  and i fear i am also injuring
you  we must be more moderate in future  help me up  for i must rise 
your last coup requires me to absent myself for a few minutes  

she rose  threw her robe over her shoulders  and left the room to go to
the water closet  i hoped that she would not go into her own room and
discover how matters were going on there  fortunately she was afraid of
awakening ellen  and so prevent our continuing bedfellows for the rest
of the night  she returned  i had purified myself in the meantime  and
now acted as her  femme de chambre   and laved all the parts 

 my dear boy  we must not do this again for some time  do you know i
have passed blood  and was very sore when relieving myself  

we got again into bed  she would not allow of any further fuckings  but
tenderly embracing me  and putting my head on her bosom  we soon fell
asleep  she awoke me at dawn with kissing me and feeling my
stiff standing pego  she laid herself on her back  and we had two most
delicious fucks without withdrawing  i knew that if i did withdraw she
would take herself off  nevertheless  she took most kindly to the
second  as it would be our last until we had another opportunity of
meeting  she exerted all her wonderful skill and her movements were of
astounding agility  she twined herself round me almost serpent like  our
mouths and tongues were equally engaged  and the final crisis was beyond
description exquisite  i tried hard for a third course  but we had
already prolonged our sports to so dangerous an hour  for we could hear
them opening the lower window shutters  that she gave me a sweet kiss of
thanks and tore herself away  i lay thinking over the joys of that
ecstatic night  and then rose and dressed quickly  as we were to
breakfast and then walk home  where we were expected at nine o clock 
however  after breakfast  mamma drew me into her sanctum  a house
storeroom  to give me some directions  of course  no sooner was she
there  than pushing her towards the table  i canted up her petticoats
over back  and gave her a good fuck  getting in from behind  she yielded
with a good grace  notwithstanding her protestations that it was not for
that she had come  as if it had been for anything else  oh  woman 
woman  how thou seekest to deceive  even when gaining the very object
thou hast in view 

harry told me they had peeped in and seen what we were at but he was not
so ready as me  and had not been able to go and do likewise 

we loitered all too long  and did not get back to school until after ten
o clock  the doctor sternly ordered us to attend him in his sanctum at
twelve o clock  we knew what that meant a good flogging  and then the
doctor enjoying the account of our successes  at twelve o clock we
entered the doctor s room  who followed us immediately after  he scolded
us sternly for being late  and said he meant to flog us both well for
our idleness and  he had no doubt  debauchery  we knew immediately that
he meant to lay on  from time to time he was fond of really seriously
flogging someone and we now saw that such was his present intention 
although we also knew it would end in an orgie  after we had excited him
sufficiently by recounting the details of the fucking which he no doubt
felt certain had taken place  he made us all strip  and choosing to take
harry first he made me the horse to flog him on  when all was ready  he
began by some real sharp cuts on harry s backside  and then commenced
his remarks 

 so  young gentleman  you have been seducing your cousin  have
you   whack whack whack  and then making that the excuse for neglecting
your school   whack  whack  whack   i thought i had formerly whipped out
all idea about fucking your cousin   whack  whack  whack 

poor harry writhed in real pain 

 oh  sir  i ll never do it again without your leave  

 my leave indeed   whack  whack  whack 

the doctor now laid on for some time most unmercifully until the
revolution of pain turned to lubricity  and harry s cock began to stand 
rapping fiercely at my bottom as he writhed under the sharp infliction
of the rod  upon seeing the expected effect  the doctor relaxed his
severity  and changing the rod to his other hand  afterwards only
tickled the bottom to keep up the excitement  taking hold of the
standing prick  he said 

 so this is the article that has been doing all the mischief  

he frigged it a little  stooped and gave it a suck 

 ah  yes  i find it still tastes of cunt  and smells the true odour of
it  so you have been at it this morning again  let me hear how it
happened  

here harry was let go  the doctor seated himself  harry stood before
him  while the doctor in delight  handled his stiff standing pego 

 now  let me hear  

 well  sir  when charlie occupied mamma  

 oh  that is it  is it   cried the doctor   we shall have all that out
of him  by and by  go on  

 i slipped into ellen  she made some difficulty for fear mamma should
catch us  but i took her and showed her through the key hole  how she
was having charlie into her  ellen was astonished at charlie s immense
size  and seeing how easily and delightedly mamma accommodated him  she
thought that my smaller size could not hurt her  and she let me do it 
but i made her scream and bleed when i got in far enough to reach her
maidenhead  she tried to shake me off  but i was too firmly seated for
that  and i fucked her then  and again before i withdrew  i laved her
cunt and applied some glycerine  and this morning did it again without
hurting her any more  and she liked it so much that afterwards she would
kiss and suck it  and made me spend in her mouth  and then got me up
again for a final go  

 upon my honour  a very pretty affair   cried the doctor   now suck my
prick  as she sucked yours  

this harry did  till the doctor was rampant  he then made him cease  but
ordered me to mount on harry s back  i knew i should catch it sharp  as
the doctor was just excited enough to wish to be more so  and preciously
he gave it me interpolating questions as to how i had accomplished my
wicked ends  i told him it was his own advice to me to let her see my
prick  which i did  and the bait took  whack whack whack 

 and did you act this innocent sin  

 oh  yes  do spare me  sir  and don t lay on so hard  

whack whack whack 

 spare you  indeed  and how did she fuck  

 oh  most splendidly  sir  

whack whack whack 

 how often did you do it  

 i hardly know  sir  we were at it all night  and again this morning  

 did she suck your prick  

 oh  yes  sir  

whack whack whack 

 what did she think of it  

 she said it was the finest she had ever seen  and that i must keep it
for her only  

 well  that will do  now suck my prick  as she did yours  

he was soon excited up to the top of his bent  he made harry take the
rod  and belabour his backside  and i had to stoop over the table  while
he fucked and frigged me  repeating all the time the account we had
given him of our fucking  after he spent  he dismissed us  having gained
his object  shortly before our christmas holidays commenced  dear mrs 
dale informed me  while sleeping with her one saturday night  that she
found from the stoppage of certain things  she was in the family way by
this sad rogue of a fellow  taking my large though at the moment soft
and inert instrument into her caressing hand 

 oh  my darling mamma  is it so indeed  

my prick rose to bursting point at the very idea  and in an instant i
was on her  and we ran a most delicious course  in which both died away
in rapturous insensibility  being thus cooled  mamma began to discuss
the probabilities  and what ought to be done  if it should turn out as
she feared  she explained to me that as yet she could not speak with
certainty  but remembering the fainting on the first night  and the
cessation of her monthlies  the nature of which she explained to me 
little dreaming that i was perfectly  au fait  of the whole matter  she
had every reason to dread that her fears where too well founded  this
would make it necessary for her to go abroad  when she would be so far
advanced as to be likely to draw observation  but she said it would not
do to distress ourselves about that until we were more certain of the
event  however  the very idea nerved me to renewed efforts  and again 
and again  we rushed into all the ecstasies of passion in every form and
way  especially did i gamahuche and suck up her precious balm  and in
like manner she  too  sucked me until exhausted nature laid us both in
the lap of morpheus  we renewed our delightful pastimes when morning
light awoke us after our refreshing slumbers  several times during the
sunday we adjourned to mamma s bedroom for the same purpose  and again
had a glorious night of it before separating on the monday morning  the
following sunday  after another saturday night of bliss  we all went
over to church  which heavy rain had prevented on the previous week  and
after service went to the rectory for luncheon  here  in course of
conversation  mrs  dale mentioned that business would require her
presence in london for some days  and that she proposed starting on the
following thursday  which was the day after our breaking up for the
holidays  she said also that she would take her son with her to london 
the doctor here observed that he  too  must go to london  to see a
gentleman who had some idea of sending his son to the rectory  and if
mrs  dale could defer the departure until saturday  it would be very
agreeable to him to be her companion on the journey  this was readily
acceded to  and my dear aunt  who guessed to what this tended  and who
had herself taken a great fancy to ellen  and longed to embrace her
young charms and gamahuche her  chimed in with a proposal that as the
dear girl would thus be left quite alone  she would be most happy if she
would accept her invitation to occupy the bedroom that opened out of her
own room during mrs  dale s absence  the latter  who little dreamt of my
connection with her dear niece  and thought that the protection of my
aunt would be a safeguard to her  jumped at the invitation  and
expressed her gratification and thanks for so kind a consideration on my
aunt s part  i have not alluded to harry all this time  but of course 
whenever his mother and i were occupied in amorous alliance  he was
equally engaged in the same delicious pastime with ellen  and  i may
add  that once or twice i had seized a favourable opportunity of
gratifying the little lecherous creature with what she called a feast of
my noble prick  she  of course  was delighted at my aunt s proposition
as she at once foresaw how she would have me all to herself for more
than a week  a single glance from her explained all this  and when  on
leaving  she found an opportunity of taking my hand  her pressure of it
was most eloquent  so all parties were delighted  for harry  when we got
together alone said  by jove  charlie  i am so jolly glad  i ll bet you
anything i ll fuck my mother before i come back  you know how i long to
be in the delicious cunt that bore me  the moment i heard she meant to
take me with her  my cock stood ready to burst  

my uncle  too  who also longed to fuck mrs  dale  had his intentions in
that direction favoured by the arrangement concluded  the following
night  when i was in bed with aunt and him  in the interval of a
charming little orgie  and after fucking me while i was in aunt s
bottom  and for the moment he could do no more  the conversation turned
on the coming journey  he expressed the pleasure he felt at the
opportunity it gave him of indulging in a long desired object  the
lecherous old fellow also alluded to a future opportunity it would give
him of enjoying the younger charms of the niece 

 of course  you and my dear wife between you will break her in to allow
of any action on my part  and  by the way  my dear  i would suggest that
you should surprise charlie in the act  and tear them asunder in
pretended rage that charlie should seize you  and say he would make you
by force a participator in the act  on the pretence of shutting you up
for finding fault  you must break from his arms  and fly to your own
bed  he must catch you as you try to enter it  and push his great big
cock into you  on which you must cry for help  and call upon ellen to
come to your succour  she will come  but i do not judge her right  if
she will not rather assist charlie  by holding you  than otherwise  you
must afterwards appear much offended  but it may be safely left to the
influence of charlie s great prick to reconcile you to the incest  then
relaxing  as if gained over by it  you can join in their sports  

thus this admirable man  with his great knowledge of the world and sex 
gave us excellent advice  which  as i shall state in the sequel  we
followed pretty exactly  meanwhile aunt  excited by expectation  had
taken my prick in her mouth  and sucked it into firmness  then mounting
upon me  she began such an exciting action  wriggling her magnificent
backside  that it fired my uncle anew  finding his prick stood
sufficiently stiff  he knelt between my legs  and greatly to the
satisfaction of my darling aunt  gave her the double pleasure of two
pricks fucking her at the same time  one before and the other behind 

my guardian had desired that i should continue with my uncle during the
holidays  and i was to leave him altogether at the end of the next half 
i did not know his object at the time  but i found that he himself went
down to my mother  and stayed for a fortnight  paying great attention to
miss frankland  he announced his wish that my sisters should go to a
first rate finishing school in london in the summer  and seeing miss
frankland look somewhat disappointed  he sought an interview with her 
and laid himself and his fortune at her feet  expressing a wish that if
she accepted him  their marriage should take place on her separation
from her pupils  this was too good an offer to be refused  and after the
usual grimace of being perfectly unprepared for such a proposal  and
desiring to have a day or two to consider it  she accepted the offer  i
at once anticipated immense gratification from this connection  i should
naturally  when in london  have every opportunity of enjoying that
adorable creature  and it will be seen in the fourth volume of these
memoirs  to what delicious orgies this connection led  you may be sure
that my loved mistress  the adorable benson  and the no less lascivious
egerton  would welcome so glorious a creature as miss frankland  at that
time become mrs  nixon  and how the count s eyes glistened  when he
beheld her in all the majesty of her superb and hairy form  how the two
women gamahuched her splendid clitoris  and how the count and i strove
which should most fully satisfy her lascivious and lustful passions  but
all this will be seen in its proper place in the sequel 

meanwhile the day arrived for the departure of uncle and mrs  dale  with
harry  as the coach passed through our village  mrs  dale drove over
bringing ellen with her  to leave her at the rectory  as arranged  all
the proprieties were duly observed  they departed  harry going outside 
with only the doctor and mrs  dale in the interior  i squeezed my
uncle s hand  and gave him a knowing look  which he returned  with a
meaning wink and off they went  when we returned to the house  and aunt
took ellen up to the room adjoining her own  with which there was a door
of communication  and which  i have before observed  had been made use
of by uncle on more than one occasion  when they came downstairs  with
kind consideration  for she could see by the protrusion in my trousers
the state i was in  aunt said 

 my dear  i have some household duties to arrange  so you must excuse
me  meanwhile charlie will show you our grounds  and amuse you for an
hour or two  when luncheon is ready i shall order the large bell to be
rung for you  

ellen had not yet removed her bonnet  and taking up her shawl  we
sallied out  you may be sure we lost no time in reaching the summer
house  already known to you as arranged for and dedicated to the service
of venus  a fire was always kept laid  which i immediately lighted  but
as it was a bright sunny day  and the place looked south  it was not at
all cold  while i was occupied at the fire  ellen threw off her bonnet
and shawl  and undid her belt she wore no stays  i seized her in my
arms  and gently laid her on the couch her petticoats were freely canted
up  showing her beautiful belly and now more fully fledged cunt  i
stooped and gamahuched her at once  she was so excited that in two
minutes she sighed deeply  pressed my head down to the lips of her cunt 
and gave down her sweet and balmy sperm  i myself was already so rampant
that not waiting to lick it up  i brought my huge pego to the charming
orifice  and plunged in one effort up to the hilt  quite taking away her
breath  but she recovered herself in an instant  and with all the energy
of her younger lubricity  quickly brought us both to the grand final
ecstasy in which soul and body seem to die away in a joy too great for
poor humanity to bear  we remained locked in each other s embrace  and
lost to all around for some time  on coming to our senses i rose  and
said we must go to work more lasciviously the next time  the fire having
burnt up  and the room being small  it was already of a pleasant
temperature  so begging ellen to strip  i threw off my own clothes  and
we quickly stood in all the beauty of nature  admiring each other  some
delicious preliminaries preceded our next encounter  which we
procrastinated till passion could no longer be restrained  and again we
died away in all the raptures of satisfied lust  and sank once more into
the soft languor of the after enjoyment  next we had a mutual gamahuche 
and then a final fuck for the present  as it was time to dress and be
ready when called to luncheon  as soon as our toilets were finished  i
took her on my knee  and told her how i should steal along to her
bedroom at night  so that she must not lock her door  i told her also
that we must be as quiet as possible  as aunt slept in the next room 
she was delighted with the prospect of having me all to herself for the
whole night  naively telling me that i gave her so much more pleasure
than harry did  that i seemed to fill her whole body with a joy almost
too intense  and now that she was to have me every night  she hoped her
aunt would stay away for a month  here the dear creature threw her arms
round my neck  and kissing me  thrust her sweet little tongue into my
mouth  you may be sure i reciprocated  and putting a hand up her
petticoats  and a finger up her charming little cunt  was just about to
turn her on the sofa  when my aunt opened the door  and stopped further
proceedings  she pretended not to see ellen s confusion  hoped i had
amused her  and told us to return to the house  as luncheon was ready 
we  of course  obeyed  with sharpened appetites  produced by our late
warm exercise  we indulged in a plenteous meal  aunt taking care to ply
me with champagne  for which  as may well be imagined  she had her
object  she afterwards ordered me to my room  to do the daily task the
doctor had set for me and which  as she said  she was to see to the
doing of giving me a sly wink 

 ellen  my dear   she added   you must keep up your practice at the
piano daily  for an hour and a half at least  

she thus separated us  i went to my room  lay down  and fell fast
asleep  but in about half an hour  was awakened by the warm embrace of
my glorious and wantonly lustful aunt  she stooped down  and taking my
limp prick in her mouth  rapidly sucked it into its accustomed firmness 
as soon as that was accomplished  she begged me to rise and undress  she
herself had come only in a loose morning dressing gown  which she
instantly threw off  and jumped on my bed  where she lay stark naked  in
all the splendid development of her superb form  i was naked in a
jiffey  but knowing she would want some extensive fucking  i threw
myself upon her cunt  and gamahuched her until she spent twice before i
mounted upon her  and introduced my large tool into her longing cunt 
here  also  i played with her  and did not spend myself until she had
twice given down her own contribution  this encounter was on her belly 
with her magnificent legs twisted above my loins for a fulcrum to her
splendid action  for few women could equal her in the delicious wriggle
of her glorious backside  after we had soaked for some time in all the
ecstasies of the after languour  i withdrew  to place her on her hands
and knees for the next bout  but took advantage of her position to
gamahuche her again into spending twice before i withdrew my insidious
tongue  then turning round  and gazing in rapture on that most noble and
massive bottom  which  as i have before remarked  i never saw equalled
by any woman  i stooped  and closely embraced and kissed its divine
orifice  tickling her into wild excitement by thrusting my tongue
therein  so much so that she begged me to fuck her at once  i mounted
behind  her hand passed under her belly and guided me into her throbbing
hot and longing cunt  i gave one violent lunge  and sent my prick at the
first thrust up to the hilt  this so excited the dear creature that in
one or two delicious wriggles on my stationary prick  and with a
pressure that seemed as if it would nip it off  she spent profusely 
squealing all the time like a rabbit  i was very glad to give her so
many discharges  without myself being forced to spend  for i wished to
be able to do my duty by ellen at night  aunt lay for several minutes
panting and throbbing on my prick most deliciously  until i could no
longer bear to be inactive  although the pleasure of looking down on the
glorious and palpitating orbs below me had given me the greatest
satisfaction  but now stooping down upon her  i passed one hand under to
excite her clitoris  and with the other took hold of one of her
beautiful large and hard bubbies  and began manipulating its nipples a
proceeding most powerfully exciting to dear auntie  it awoke all her
lust and the dear lascivious creature again spent before i was ready to
follow suit  the pause that followed allowed my excitement to subside a
little  and enabled me to hold out until her lust recovered its wonted
energy  she again  with her pressures and movements  soon compelled me
to more rapid action  but this time i determined to enjoy the exquisite
delights of her delicious bottom hole  so when she became very hot  i
suddenly withdrew  and  happily  hitting at once on the delicious
orifice  plunged at the first thrust up to the cods  taking dear aunt s
breath away  but she instantly recovered  and loving sodomy to her
heart s core  i could not have done anything better suited to her
libidinous passions  it was glorious to see the energy with which she
met and responded to my thrusts  her superb buttocks working with
surprising energy  and giving me  at each stroke  when i buried my prick
to the hilt  the most exciting pressures  both being so lustfully
excited  matters were not long in coming to the final ecstasy  i felt as
if my whole soul was poured into her  when with loud cries of the
liveliest enjoyment  i spent with fury  in the very heart of her
entrails  she was perfectly overcome with delight  and sank senseless on
her belly  dragging me down with her  for her grip by the sphincter was
too strong to let anything out that was within  we both became
insensible to everything but the delicious death like languor of the
after enjoyment  we lay long in this trance of joy  and when dear auntie
came to her senses  she begged me to rise  as she must go downstairs  i
did so  and when she rose from the bed  she took me in her loving arms 
and kissing me tenderly  thanked me for the enormous pleasure i had
given her  and said no one in the world was my equal  and that i ought
to thank her much  that she allowed anyone else to participate in my
exquisite power of fuck  she gathered up her gown  and left me to dress 
i soon was downstairs  and found ellen  who looked as if she expected me
to find an opportunity to fuck her at once  but after the encounters i
had already had  both with her and with aunt  though i had kept myself
from excess with the latter  i felt no inclination to press matters
again to a conclusion  especially seeing that i intended passing the
night with her  so assuring her we should be likely to be caught if
imprudent and so lose all chance of night work  she was satisfied to be
quiet and reasonable  aunt coming in  we spent the afternoon in pleasant
conversation  and a walk together in the garden  after dinner i fell
sound asleep on the sofa  the two women  each with the same object  left
me to my deep repose  and only awoke me when it was time for all to
retire  thus refreshed  i was all ready for the night s work before me 
i allowed half an hour to elapse  that all the house might to be in
their bedrooms  and then  with merely a loose dressing gown on  i stole
along to dear ellen s room  opened the door and entered  she was already
in bed  impatient for my arrival  she had left both lights burning  as
well as a cheerful blaze from a good fire  i dropped my robe  and was in
an instant stark naked  and in her longing arms  under our mutual
impatience  our first was a rapid course  then followed a long enjoyment
of the after languor  and then a more prolonged and rapturous embrace 
after soaking in bliss for some time  we rose  and i posed her before
the fire  gazing delightedly on all her young charms  the hair on her
cunt had become much more developed than before  her bosom too was
filled out  even her hips and bottom seemed enlarged  doubtless owing to
the fucking she had had since i first knew her  which naturally hastened
her ripening into womanhood  i grew very excited by this inspection of
her increasing charms  and determined to have a fuck on the rug before
the fire  in order to enjoy it the more  i drew forward a cheval glass 
projected it forward  and lying down  directed her to move it until i
was satisfied i could see all the play of her bottom in the position i
meant to fuck her  so lying down on my back  i made her stride across my
head and settle down on her knees  and bringing forward her delicious
little cunt over my mouth  i gamahuched her until she had twice given
down her balmy essence  then she shifted her position lower down  until
just above my prick  which by this time was rampant with desire  i
guided its point to the rosy lipped orbit  and bringing her own weight
to bear upon it  she sank delightfully impaled upon the upright stake  i
made her rise and fall a few times  that i might enjoy the sight of its
entrance and exit  then gently drawing her down upon me  i folded one
arm round her slender waist  and turning my head  found that the cheval
glass  inclined forward  reflected as it were from above her beautiful
bottom and back  and of course her cunt stretched to the utmost with my
huge prick  and above it the sweet little corrugated pink aperture of
her bottom  with my free arm i embraced one hip  and bringing my hand
round  moistened it with the plenteous spunk of her cunt  and insinuated
a finger into the smaller abode of bliss  her excitement grew furious 
and knew no bounds  the action of her backside was glorious to see
reflected in its active risings and fallings  i let her do all the work 
which enabled me to hold back my own  until she approached a second
discharge  when the heat of her cunt seemed to fire me with additional
powers  and the action of both our backsides became fast and furious 
and soon brought down the ecstatic discharge  which instantly laid us
low  panting with all the wild passions we had just allayed  we lay long
locked in each other s arms in the ecstasy of blissful enjoyment  then
rising  we embraced tenderly  and retook us to bed  i would have excited
her and myself to another effort  but she begged off  saying that she
felt quite exhausted and overcome with the day and night s work we had
already enjoyed  indeed  i did not wonder at it  for i had made her
spend seven or eight times more than myself  nor did i regret her
resolution  as i knew the morning would bring my aunt into the field 
and then the two would try my powers to the utmost 

we slept profoundly  and morning was already advanced before we awoke 
from a displaced chair i saw that aunt had been in to look at us  so i
knew she was on the watch  i threw the clothes off dear ellen that i
might gaze on all her young charms  the want of covering awoke her  she
lovingly looked up at me  and throwing her arms round my neck as i bent
over her  drew my head down to hers  and impressed a loving kiss on my
lips  our tongues interlaced a hand slipped down and encircled my
rampant and throbbing prick  i turned  and placing my knees between her
legs  was about to penetrate love s bower when the door leading to my
aunt s room flew open  my aunt entered  gave a scream of surprise well
acted and cried out 

 good gracious  what do i see  who would have thought it  

and  apparently to save ellen  she rushed forward  seized me by the arm 
and with a certain degree of willingness on my part  drew me out of bed 
saying 

 i am horrified beyond measure  how dare you commit such a sin and crime
as to seduce a young girl under my care  cover yourself up  sir 
directly  and go to your own room  

i boldly declared i would do no such thing  on the contrary  as she had
spoiled my sport with ellen  i was determined she should pay for it
herself 

 how dare you talk to me  you dreadful boy  

 not dreadful at all  dear aunt  look at this poor dumb thing  and see
how he longs to be into you  

upon this i seized her in my arms as if to throw her on the bed  she
made a pretended struggle  during which she gave a tender squeeze to my
rampant prick  then  breaking from me  she fled to her own room 
pretending to endeavour to shut the door in my face but taking care to
give way and hasten towards her bed  i caught hold of her as she bent
forward as if to get into it  and canting up her chemise  the only
article of dress she wore  i was into her longing and luscious cunt from
behind up to the hilt in one thrust  she gave a subdued scream  and
called to ellen to come and prevent me from violating her  ellen came 
but wisely would only look on while i worked away manfully 

 ellen  why don t you pull him away he is ravishing me and oh 
horror  committing incest  

she pretended to struggle greatly  but cleverly did so to her own
profit  by wriggling her backside so as to send me further up into her
cunt 

 oh  ellen  ellen  do help me  

 ah  no   said ellen   i shall let him do it  and then you cannot tell
upon me  

my aunt seemed greatly distressed at this  and actually managed to shed
tears  then buried her face in the bed as if in despair  but all the
time most actively seconding me  as the crisis drew near  she raised her
head  and said 

 heaven pardon me  this mere simple schoolboy is exciting me to such
pleasure as i never before felt  

she then gave way to all her lubricity  and we brought matters to a
crisis in the utmost ecstasy of enjoyment  aunt s head sank on the bed 
while the rapturous inward pressures of her cunt soon began to raise my
prick to its pristine vigour  she felt its throbs and responded to them 
but no doubt thinking that an immediate repetition would betray our
previous intimacy  she turned her face and body suddenly round  and
completely unseated me  my prick coming out with a plop  she began again
to weep  women can do so at pleasure  and to scold me for the dreadful
crime i had committed  to do so to her was incest here followed sob upon
sob  i threw my arms round her neck  and kissing her tears away  laid
all the blame on that rampant fellow taking her hand and placing it on
my still stiff prick  she drew her hand away quickly  but not before she
had given it a gentle squeeze  she told me i was a dreadful boy  and
that i must go away and leave her and ellen to think over what could be
done in such an awful dilemma 

here ellen came forward  and tenderly kissing her begged her not to send
me away 

 i do so love him  dear madam  and i do so long to have him now it was
so exciting to see him having you  that i shall die if you don t let me
have him now  

 dreadful  dreadful   said aunt   why  i thought i was just in time to
save you  

 oh  no  he had slept with me all night  and has often had me before 
but he was not the first who had me  so that there was no violation nor
seduction  

 then you must have seduced him  you wicked minx  for a more innocent
boy never was known  

poor ellen  confounded at the accusation  repelled it as untrue  and
said she knew well enough who seduced me 

aunt for the moment felt this as a home thrust  for be it remembered 
she fancied she had had my maidenhead 

 what do you mean by that  i insist upon you speaking out  

ellen gave way and said it was mrs  dale who first had me 

 she had accidentally seen how powerfully charlie was armed  and then
could not resist teaching him how to use his weapon  i saw them doing
it  and hence i longed for it myself  look  dear madam  what a noble one
it is  i am sure  if you had known of it  you could not yourself have
resisted having it  try it  try it once more  and i am sure you will
forgive us  and share our joys  

i seconded this good advice  aunt seemed to be afraid of me  and jumped
into bed  while she was on her hands and knees i also jumped up  and
catching her round the waist  held her fast until i could also kneel
behind her and bring my prick into play  with all her apparent attempt
at resistance everything was done in such a way as to facilitate rather
than prevent matters going forward  of course i was in her in a moment 
and then remained quiet for a few minutes to let her enjoy her inward
pressures for which she was so famous  she had buried her head in the
pillow  crying out 

 it is dreadful  it is dreadful  

ellen came and leant over the bed embracing her  and telling her not to
resist  but to take it in freely  and then she was sure it would give
her the utmost pleasure 

 it is that which horrifies me  my dear  i never felt anything so
exquisite in my life before  but then think of the sin with my own
nephew  it is quite an incestuous connection  

 what does that matter  dear aunt  for i shall call you aunt too  you
are so lovable and so beautiful  oh  it was such a pleasure to see him
doing it to you and you are so gloriously fine a woman  i longed to be a
man to have you  

she had embraced aunt s splendid bubbies  than which nothing could more
please her  and now she begged to be allowed to suck one  aunt gave way 
and was delighted  she slipped the hand next to ellen down to her
charming cunt ellen opened her legs aunt s fingers began frigging her 

 ah  my dear  how i loved to embrace my own sex at your age  our tongues
acted instead of men  and i could still delight in a fine fresh one like
this  it would almost reconcile me to what this bad wicked boy is
doing  

 oh  that would be charming  do let us do it at once  charlie can
withdraw for a moment while i get under you  and while you lick me i can
excite you and see the glorious work above me  

 you tempt me much  my dear girl  but what would your aunt say if she
knew  

 but she never will know   said ellen  who was all the time arranging
herself on the bed 

aunt moved aside to allow ellen to get under her  who then begged aunt
to throw off her chemise that both their bodies might be in close
contact  aunt was longing to do so  yet made some grimaces about it 
she at length complied  and striding across ellen  threw herself with
avidity on the delicious young cunt below  and began to gamahuche her
   mort   i instantly resumed my position  ellen guided my prick into
aunt s burning cunt  then frigged aunt s clitoris  and worked a finger
in my fundament  while aunt was so delightfully gamahuching her  we all
rapidly came to the grand finale  with an excess of lubricity rarely
equalled  we were all somewhat exhausted by this bout  and  as it was
getting late  we rose  aunt pretended to forgive my violating her for
the pleasure i afterwards afforded her  she embraced ellen tenderly 
and said she had so enjoyed her person she hoped to renew such a
delight  then taking hold of my prick she kissed it and sucked it until
it stood upright  and said 

 i don t wonder  my dear  at your having it when once you had seen it 
and i envy mrs  dale the pleasure of having first enjoyed such a
monstrous thing  if i had known he was so wondrously provided  i doubt
if i could have resisted the temptation to teach him how to make use of
it myself my only wonder is how such a little thing as you have got
could ever take it in  

ellen laughed  and said that her cousin harry had opened the way  or she
doubted if ever she could have admitted it  but i was so gentle while
getting in  and when once in  it filled up every crevice so deliciously 
that she should grieve much if she were refused access to it in future 

 so  dear aunt  i hope you will let him do it to us both  i can do to
you what you have just done to me  because before we had him and harry 
aunt and i used to amuse ourselves in that way  aunt is immense in that
particular  she could put it a little way into me  and gave me great
pleasure  and she said that i sucked it better than either her late
husband or any of half a dozen schoolfellows who used to amuse each
other  so  dear aunt  you must let me do it to you while charlie is in
me  and then you will do it to me while he is in you  only fancy how
nice it will be  

 oh  you dear little coaxer  you are enough to seduce an angel  

so all was arranged that ellen should come from her room and i from
mine  and meet in aunt s bed at night  we did so meet  and a most
glorious eight days we spent  i showed aunt that i could get into
ellen s bottom hole  and thereby gave her immense pleasure  and with
more reason the same result would occur with her  she gave an apparently
reluctant consent  and  that done  there was no bridle to the utmost
lubricity that the most wanton lust could devise  aunt took immensely to
ellen  and gamahuched her    mort   while the other repaid her in kind 
i did not regret this for it relieved me from too excessive work  thus
we passed a most delightful eight days before the absent ones joined us 
both uncle and harry had succeeded in their desires  from each i had the
fullest details  but as their stories would in some particulars repeat
themselves  i shall relate the events in a connected narrative 

uncle and mrs  dale had the inside of the coach to themselves  harry
riding outside  uncle began by praising harry  and then reverting to the
time he was first sent to the rectory  and the note mrs  dale sent with
him  he asked  not without a knowing smile  if the intimacy she had
formerly feared had been at all renewed  because he had observed that
harry appeared worn and pale on his return on the mondays  and was dull
and stupid that day  mrs  dale seemed somewhat alarmed at hearing of
this  probably she began to think that something might have occurred
between the cousins while she was busied with me  uncle observed her
uneasiness  and  guessing the cause  said 

 my dear mrs  dale  if anything has taken place  and anything comes of
it  i am a man of the world  and you may rely upon my assistance and
discretion to take such steps as may tend to keep it from the knowledge
of the world  

she thanked him  and said she would be glad to accept his aid if any
unfortunate event should have happened but she hoped not 

uncle saw that her fears were excited  so he held onto the subject  so
at last she avowed that she feared there might have occurred some
passages between the two cousins  for she had foolishly trusted that all
thought of that had gone out of their heads  and she might not have
taken such precautions as she ought to have done 

 well  my dear madame  my services are at your disposal in case of any
necessity  i am not in reality strait laced  although  in my position  i
am obliged to appear so  i feel certain that my experience would be able
to suggest the best way of hushing up the scandal if such should be
likely to occur  

mrs  dale was profuse in thanks  and the doctor became warmer in his
discourse  saying that for such a woman as herself  whom he had long
admired and coveted  he would do anything 

 for  my dear madam  though i am in the church  something of the old
adam still adheres to me  and the sight and touch of one who has so
charmed me as you have done makes a young man of me again  

here his arm glided round her charming little waist  he drew her to him 
and with some coyness and words of refusal  she yielded her lips to his
embrace  his other hand  lifting up her petticoats  sought to feel her
beauteous cunt  again resistance of hand and tongue  but a yielding for
all that  and the doctor soon got possession of her lovely cunt  finding
her large and fine clitoris in a state of stiffness  he knew that her
passions were excited  so opening her legs  he got between them down on
his knees  and as he previously unbuttoned his trousers in readiness and
the fresh cunt stimulating his powers  he pulled out his prick fully
erected  and quickly established himself up to the hilt within  the lady
up to the last declaring she could not allow him  but wriggling her
bottom to perfection as soon as she felt the doctor s very fine prick
working within her  she then hugged and seconded him  kissing and
tongueing to his heart s desire  they soon brought things to the
ecstatic conclusion  to the great satisfaction of both parties 

of course  after this there was no difficulty in arranging for a
comfortable meeting in london  indeed  it was resolved that they should
lodge in the same house and have contiguous apartments  on their arrival
in town they put up at one of those large lodging houses in norfolk
street  strand  and were fortunate in finding the first floor bedrooms
vacant  the house was a double one  or rather two houses opening into
each other  the doctor s bedroom was in the front  and a former door of
communication with the back room was locked on one side and bolted on
the other  mrs  dale took the back room  from whence opened a small room
with a bed in it  where harry was lodged  the doctor had thus easy
access when the lady chose to withdraw the bolt on her side  after
consultation it was thought more advisable that she should go into the
doctor s room  so that harry might not by any possibility  hear any love
exclamations that might happen to escape them in the excess of their
amorous amusements  of course  the doctor  who knew all about harry s
great desire to fuck his mother  and that he meant to do so by one way
or another in london  communicated his intention of having mrs  dale
into sleep with him that night  and  therefore  begged harry to defer
his attempt until after the first night  and then the doctor would aid
him in his efforts 

the wily doctor fully intended  after harry had perfectly succeeded  to
become the future companion of their incestuous intercourse  harry s
bedroom door had one of those old fashioned brass locks that were
screwed onto the inside of the door  with a brass covering for the bolt
at the side not morticed as is now usual  mrs  dale locked her son in
after he retired to bed  harry noticed the circumstance and smiled to
think how easily he could foil her but as he had promised the doctor to
make no attempt on his mother that night  he went to bed and slept
soundly  next day he provided himself with a turn screw and a small
phial of sweet oil  when mamma was busy at cards  he slipped upstairs
and easily unscrewed the brass receiver of the bolt  he oiled the screws
and worked them in and out until they went freely and then screwed the
covering on again  and felt secure of entering mamma s room whenever he
pleased  it had been combined between the doctor and him that by means
of gamahuching and frigging  mamma should be put into a state of great
excitement without allowing her to be satisfied  so that her passions
might be in favour of being fucked  no matter by what prick  for this
purpose the doctor was to keep her with him till dawn  at night harry
watched through the key hole  and when he saw his mother pass into the
doctor s room  he at once unscrewed the covering  shot back the bolt 
and screwed the cover on again  he was thus all ready for any event  and
if his mother was astonished at his entrance  he could say he found the
door open  and she must have forgotten to lock it  thus prepared he went
to bed and slept soundly  he was awake before seven o clock  and gently
opening the door a little  he could see by the opposite open door  and
the light in the doctor s room  that mamma had not yet left him  he drew
on his woollen socks  and sitting where the light flashed through the
key hole  awaited his mamma s return  which occurred very shortly after 
the shutting off the light by closing the door of communication told him
that she had returned to her own room  he heard her sit down on the pot 
and the force of the flow of water proved how healthy she was  he heard
her rustle into bed  then throwing off his dressing gown and socks he
opened the door and approached his mother s bed  being awake  she
instantly saw him in the half daylight that came from the unshuttered
window 

 harry  what on earth brings you here  and how did you open the door  

 i heard you moving  dear mamma  i could not sleep for the cold  i got
up and tried the door  it was not locked  you must have omitted to turn
the bolt  but i should have rapped and called to you  if it had not been
open  i want you to let me get warm in your nice warm bed  and you will
cuddle your poor harry will you not  dear mamma  

 if you will be quiet  and speak lower  for the doctor may hear you  you
may come in  and if you turn your back  i will warm you  

harry lost no time in lying down by her side  and being really very
cold  and even shivering  he was glad enough to do as she bid him  and
turn his back  and cuddle his bottom into his mother s belly  she said 

 poor boy  he is indeed cold  now go to sleep in mamma s arms  

of course  he had no such intentions  speedily getting warm  he turned
his face to mamma  and whispered  in the same tone she used 

 oh  how i love my beautiful mamma  

pressing his belly against hers  and letting her feel his prick standing
against her mons veneris 

 harry  what do you mean by embracing me in that way don t you know i am
your mother  sir  

he had seized with one hand her beautiful firm bubbies  and was
evidently in full amorous excitement  as she could feel by the stiff
pego pushing against her mount of venus 

 my darling mamma  if you knew how much i love you and how i have longed
to embrace your beautiful body  

 go along  you impudent boy  do you not know it would be sinful to
indulge in such sentiments with your mother leave me directly  

 oh  no  mamma  i can t  indeed  my own mamma  i mean to possess you 
what harm can there be in returning to whence i came  

here he transferred his hand from her bubby to her splendid mons
veneris  and showed what his words meant  she pretended to be very
angry  and endeavoured to push him away  but he held her round the waist
with his other arm too well 

 desist this instant  or i shall cry out  

she really appeared very angry but  nevertheless  did not excite a
whisper during all the colloquy before or after  harry now thought of
his best argument 

 why do you attempt to repulse me in this way  dear mamma  why should
you not let me enjoy your person as much as you like charlie to do it  

she gave a start at this home thrust 

 what do you say  you naughty boy  and where did you hear such a
falsehood as that  is that one of your friend charlie s inventions 
after all the kindness i have shown him  

 my darling mamma  charlie never opened his lips to me on the subject  i
speak from what i saw with my own eyes  

 what do you mean  tell me directly  

 well  my loved mamma  do you remember the first saturday night that
charlie and i slept at home  after retiring to my room  i was obliged to
go downstairs to the water closet  where i went in my stockings  and
without a light  not to disturb you  i was coming up again  when a
sudden flash of light shone out in the upper passage  mounting the
stairs  and when my head was on a level with the upper floor  i saw you
going towards charlie s room  i went into my own  but left the door open
to see when you would return  finding you did not come back  i crept
softly along the passage  until i came to the turning that led to
charlie s room  the light shone through the key hole  i quietly
approached  you know the bed exactly faces the door and there  my
darling mamma  i saw you initiate charlie into what was to him a
previously unknown pleasure  oh  my beloved mother  the sight of your
naked charms  of the delicious way in which you were giving him his
first lesson in love  maddened me with desire  i was almost tempted to
come in upon you and violate you  if you would not consent  it was in
that state i remembered that ellen was asleep in your bed  i ran there 
and throwing off the little i had on  i lay down beside her  and began
feeling her private parts  she awoke and said 

  dear aunt  do you wish me to do the same to you  

 her hand passed down to my erect member  she gave a cry of
astonishment  i whispered it was only me 

  oh  you must leave me directly  aunt can only have gone to the water
closet  and will be back directly  

 she was not to be pacified until i convinced her that there was no
chance of your speedy return  so i was obliged to bring her along to
charles s door  we saw you quite naked  rising and falling on the
enormous weapon that charles has  i never before saw it erect and could
scarcely believe my eyes  nor was it less wonderful the way in which you
so charmingly took it in  it greatly excited ellen  as well as me  we
returned to your room the fire still burned  i laid her down on the rug
before it  and took her maidenhead  she had seen how charlie s monstrous
affair went easily into you  and felt how much less mine was  so she
never dreamt of it hurting her  and she let me get fairly within the
lips  then  while making her spend  i suddenly thrust it through all
impediments  and the affair was done  she gave a scream  as it hurt her 
but i had shut the door and none of you heard it  i let her sleep after
this  and did not do it again till morning  the next night we again
watched your delicious proceeding  ellen was less sore  and we repeated
your example several times  she continues to this day to wonder at the
enormous size of charlie s tool  and is surprised at your taking it in
so easily  but  oh  my mother  how my passions have been excited by your
glorious charms  what is ellen compared with you  she did very well to
relieve my agony of desire to possess you  when i knew you were better
occupied  and that i could not do so but that is all  it is you  and you
alone  my beloved mother  whom i adore  and i wildly long to possess
this dear and magnificent cunt beneath my hand   mrs  dale was perfectly
flabbergasted at this recital   you abominable boy  how dared you to
follow me  and be a spy upon your mother  and to make it known to ellen 
too  doubtless you have been boasting of it  and telling others  

 no  indeed  mamma  ellen and i were on oath that we would never reveal
to any mortal the delicious sight we had seen so you see  darling mamma 
that you can fully trust your own boy  oh  do let me do it  feel how my
poor thing throbs  

here i must give you harry s own account of what took place 

 i took her hand with very little resistance  and i could feel her
fingers gently clasped my prick  before she withdrew her hand 

 but no it cannot be it would be incest  

 she twisted her body round  so that her magnificent bottom came against
my belly  as she turned  i slipped my hand down  and laid hold of her
shift  so that in turning  it left her bottom bare  and sticking out
against me  i lost not an instant  and before she had quite settled
down  i brought my stiff standing pego against her delicious cunt from
behind  and as it was reeking from her previous spendings produced by
the rector s gamahuching  i plunged it at one shove as far as her
buttocks against my belly would allow  at the same time dropping my hand
from her waist to her cunt  so that when she sprang forward  as if to
turn me out  i met her clitoris  it was quite stiff  showing her to be
really in a state of amorous excitement  this attack on the clitoris
made her as quickly move back  which double movement thoroughly
engulphed me  i lost no time in proceeding to the most active movements
in and out  this was too much for her  she could not resist entering
into the encounter with all the force of her passions  and we ran a very
rapid course  ending in the most ecstatic delight  and with sighs of joy
we lay clasped together in all the delicious after languor  i could feel
by her exquisite internal pressures that her lust was not yet
alleviated  and this nerved me to fresh efforts  after a feigned
resistance  dear mamma passed her hand behind her  and putting it on my
buttocks  assisted in sending me further in at each home thrust  we were
longer this bout  and enjoyed it more  after the usual indulgence in the
after joy  she turned  and embracing me tenderly said 

  oh  my dear child  this is very wrong  but very delicious  you must be
very discreet  my dear harry  for if it were known it would disgrace us
both for ever  

  my sweet mamma  do not fear  have you ever seen anything like
indiscretion in the last six weeks  although i was madly longing for
you  oh  kiss me  my beloved mother  

 the sweetest of kisses followed  our tongues met  her hand wandered 
already she found my pego standing 

  my darling  i must kiss it  it is so much more developed than i could
have expected  and as hard as iron  

  not as large as charlie s  mamma  

  that is true  my dear  but it is the stiffness  and not the size  that
gives the real pleasure  of course  when both are combined  as with
charlie  they are irresistible  

 meanwhile i was feeling her cunt  her clitoris  which you know is
largely developed  stood stiff 

  mamma  darling  what a size this is  ellen told me you could put it
into her  

  oh  the bad girl  to tell tales out of school  

  never mind  mamma  i must suck it while you play with mine  

 i turned on my back with my heels up mamma lay down upon my belly
reversed  i sucked her clitty while frigging her cunt  and she sucked my
prick until we both spent  and each licked or sucked all the balmy sperm
that issued from the other  we continued our caresses until my prick
showed its readiness for another encounter  mamma took me on her belly
this time  and as soon as i was engulphed  threw her legs over my loins 
and  by the most lascivious actions  contributed to our enjoyment  her
glorious bottom heaved in unison with mine  our tongues were interlaced 
and at last with sweet murmurs of delight  we died away in each other s
arms in the most luxurious ecstasy of thoroughly gratified desire  we
lay long insensible of all around  throbbing in pressures of lascivious
delight  which would have soon led to another love bout  but that mamma
whispered it would be imprudent to continue  for the sun was up  and
breakfast time had arrived  i withdrew from the sweet cunt with great
regret  and in slipping out of bed brought my mouth down to it  and gave
it a loving kiss and suck  played with the magnificent covering of bushy
ringlets  and then tore myself away with difficulty  thus ended my first
possession of my adored and glorious mother  which was followed by night
upon night of the most lascivious enjoyment  i returned to my room  and
was dressed and downstairs before her  the doctor took an opportunity to
inform me that she had excused herself from joining him the next night
on the pretence of not feeling well  but in reality it was to have me
all to herself for the whole night  and a most delicious night it was 
she displayed and exercised her libidinous passions to the utmost  never
before had i such a treat  it was  perhaps  the closeness of the
relationship that added to the excitement  but it appeared to me that
she beat even the doctor s splendid wife  oh  she was so loving  too 
the way she fondled me in her arms and caressed me was irresistible  i
can t tell how often we did it we were at it all night  the next night 
under pretence of fearing to exhaust me  she forced me to retire to my
room after two fucks  and locked me in  i had previously been informed
by the doctor that he had bespoken her for that night  and he begged me
to fuck her first  that the pleasure of gamahuching her might be
enhanced  i  therefore  did not do more than make a feigned resistance
to her when she told me i must go to my own bed  she said she would let
me have one embrace before she rose in the morning but that one was
converted into two exquisite spends  the next night the doctor wished to
repose  as he purposed surprising me in the morning  i laid myself out
for this  and when mamma was asleep i rose as if to piddle  i unbolted
the door and shook up the doctor  and then returned to bed  i had agreed
with him to make more noise than usual in the final ecstasy  he was to
wait long enough to allow of the after enjoyment  as if he was taking
time to clothe himself a little  and was then to come in with a light 
my mother still slept  it was about four o clock in the morning  i began
feeling her glorious buttocks  and  sliding under the clothes  turned
her legs apart she insensibly slipped upon her back  i took her charming
clitoris between my lips  and soon sucked it into stiffness  the
excitement awoke her she had dreamed i was fucking her and so was hot
and randy  she drew me upon her bosom  threw the clothes off  and her
glorious limbs clasped my loins her two hands pressed on my buttocks  as
if to drive me further home  and we ran a most delicious course  i
feigned to be even still more excited than i really was  and almost
brayed at the ecstatic moment of ejection  mamma herself was too far
gone in delight to notice the loudness of my braying  she lay panting
and throbbing on my prick  almost in a state of insensibility to aught
else beside  her eyes were closed  so that she did not observe the
entrance of the light carried by the doctor  it was not until he was
standing by the bedside  and made an exclamation of surprise  that she
was aware of his presence 

 she gave a scream though not very loud and covered her eyes with her
hand  i scrambled off her  the doctor  with great politeness  begged her
pardon for his intrusion  but hearing what appeared to him an unearthly
noise  he had feared she was taken ill 

 here the usual resource of woman tears fell plentifully from mamma  the
doctor most affectionately begged her to calm herself 

  my dear madam   said he   i do not in any way blame you for this  i am
a man of the world  and i know that incest is practised to a far greater
extent than is at all imagined  and to prove that it in no way offends
me  i may at once tell you that it was my own mother who initiated me
into these delightful mysteries  i see that this dear boy looks terribly
frightened at my being a witness to the delight he must have had  but to
put him at his ease  we may as well inform him that we  too  have
indulged in that delicious game  i may add that this is not the first
time i have joined in orgies with more than one man or woman  and
nothing gives me more pleasure than to embrace one reeking from the arms
of another  especially if i have been a witness to the previous
encounter  see  my dear madam  how this dear instrument stands stiff in
proof of what i say  and to insure my silence dear harry must not object
to my enjoying you after and before him  

 so saying he dropt off his trousers and jumped into bed  he was met
with feeble remonstrances from my mother at doing it before her son  but
i assured her that i rather preferred to see her at work  as she knew 
than otherwise  especially as she evidently enjoyed it so much  so the
doctor forthwith mounted her  there could be no doubt that she enjoyed
it equally with him  my cock stood at the sight  i put it into her hand 
and she squeezed it lovingly then stooping i sucked one nipple  and you
know how this excites her  and slipped a hand behind the doctor  and
after gently tickling his ballocks  acted postillion to his bottom hole 
they ran a most exciting course and died away in mutual raptures  no
sooner did he turn off than i jumped up into his place  and in one
moment was up to the cods in that overflowing cunt  mamma feebly
expostulated  but the doctor begged her to let him have the pleasure of
witnessing the vigour of the youth  i knew that in heart mamma was
delighted  for all women especially enjoy having a fresh prick into them
immediately after a previous one has been withdrawn  

this is quite true witness my own dear benson in our early days  her
greatest delight was to have me the instant b  retired  and she avowed
that nothing could give her greater pleasure  i knew a lady in
after life whom i and three others used to have together  and no sooner
was one off than another was on and sometimes two at once  she used to
tell us how she deceived her husband  when at florence she had eight
lovers  and she had had them all on the same night without any of them
knowing of the others  she managed it in this way  she made them
come two at ten o clock  two at half past ten  two at eleven  and two a
half past eleven  they were put in four different rooms with convenient
sofas  she ran to no    in a merely loose robe  which was instantly
thrown off  she was a magnificently made creature  the sight of whose
charms would inflame anyone  she rapidly got two goes from the first
without withdrawing  then saying that her husband would be seeking her
if she did not leave him  she rang for her german valet  who used to
fuck her himself  and who afterwards confirmed her story to me  who
showed my gentleman out of the room  off she ran to no     told him she
had only got away by letting her husband have a go  and that he thought
she had only gone to the water closet so he must do one good and leave
her  of course the cunt full of fuck only excited him the more  and he
very soon racked off to her great satisfaction  and was dismissed 
leaving the rooms vacant for the two at eleven  as there was not five
minutes to spare she ran to no     where another lover was waiting  the
same pretence was made as to the last  but as he was largely hung  she
got two coups from him and then packed him off  and in the same way ran
to the others  always with the same story  getting two coups out of
three running  who were the best fuckers  and waiting with the last
until he could do no more 

the same lady told me that once while living at dieppe her husband ran
over to england for a few days  during his absence she had four young
men to supper every night  and made them all fuck her on the sofa squabs
laid on the floor  accommodating one in her bottom at the same time 
during the day her landlord  a married man  used to come in and rack her
off besides  at one time she was left alone at mannheim  where she made
acquaintance with an officer  who introduced a second  and a third 
until she knew eight in all  she had the whole lot once to supper  and
they all fucked her three times each  she was a wonderfully fine woman 
and could take no end of fucking  her father had initiated her at twelve
years of age  she was of greek origin  and actually was hairy and
menstruated at that early age  but all women are rakes in their hearts 
and numbers never encumber them 

during harry s encounter with his mother  the doctor stood beside them 
and handled harry s ballocks and acted postillion to him  mamma took to
it most kindly  the sight again inflamed the doctor  the incestuous idea
enhancing the excitement  as harry withdrew  he begged mrs  dale to get
on her hands and knees  to let him put it in from behind  he would
rather have gone in behind but did not think she was as yet quite
prepared to allow that  he only said that the movement below his eyes of
such a fine bottom as hers added to the excitement  he further proposed
that she should kneel over harry s body reversed  so that she might
gamahuche him  and he frig her beautiful clitoris 

 you mean to kill me between you   she said  but all the same complied 
she sucked harry s prick and he spent in her mouth  which she swallowed
with great gusto  spending herself at the same moment in advance of the
doctor  harry kept frigging her clitoris with one hand  while the other
was frigging the doctor s bottom hole  it was a long bout  she made
harry spend twice in her mouth  while she spent thrice to the doctor s
once  all dying away together in the final fuck  they lay long lost to
everything  and when they recovered  they separated and retired to their
own rooms 

the ice being thus broken  the remaining days were passed in the most
refined lasciviousness  the doctor had his way with her bottom  and
asked her leave to have harry s after harry had had his mother s
bottom hole  while the doctor was fucking her  and had fucked the doctor
upon another occasion  the doctor crying out  hi  hi  hi   as if it hurt
him  and he was losing his maidenhead  he professed immense
satisfaction  when she let him have harry  declaring that he could not
tell whether having her both ways  having harry  or being had himself 
was the greatest pleasure  mamma declared that to have both apertures
filled at the same moment was the most delicious  it was then the doctor
said he would try  so fucking mamma in a kneeling position he presented
his great backside to harry and was well fucked  it was after this
complete initiation that they returned home  and after such proceedings 
the transition to a general entry into our orgies was easily arranged 
as they were to arrive to a late dinner  it was resolved that mrs  dale
should stay the night  and we would see what that would bring forth 
they arrived accordingly  mrs  dale went to ellen s room  taking ellen
with her to help her at her toilet  here ensued an explanation between
them  mrs  dale felt that there must be an explicit avowal on both
sides  she admitted to ellen that harry had come to her bed  and only
succeeded in his horrible purpose by telling her how he and ellen had
seen her operations with charlie  and had followed her example 

 and now  my dear ellen  as there must be no secrets between us  tell me
if you and charlie have got together  

 well  yes  we have  you know i had seen how immense he was  and yet
with what pleasure you took him in  so curiosity made me give way one
day that we were in the summer house  and he slept with me afterwards  

 does the doctor s wife suspect  

 oh  yes  she knows all about it  i forgot to bolt the door one night 
in the morning charlie made too much noise  she came in  merely in her
chemise  ran up and pulled him off me  without imagining she ran any
risk herself  charlie seized her in his arms  and swore he would do as
much to her  to prevent her telling  she was horrified  and fled to her
own room  but had not time to shut him out  he forced the door open  she
ran to her bed  intending to ring for the servant  he caught her as she
had one knee up on the bed  and was into her from behind before she
could accomplish her purpose  she cried out to me  to come and pull him
away  i went  but told her charlie was right  as it would prevent her
splitting upon us  i rather think that charlie s large proportions gave
her much pleasure  for she soon ceased to struggle  indeed she had her
back to him  and his strong arms round her waist prevented her using her
hands  she cried much afterwards  and talked about the greatness of the
crime  she had then got into bed  charlie followed  to coax and console
her  and  of course  got into her again  i thought she enjoyed the
second  for her bottom heaved to meet him  she afterwards accused him of
the crime of seducing a young lady  her guest  but i stopped that  by
avowing that my cousin had had me previously  then she accused me of
seducing charlie  and here  i must implore your pardon  for i let out
inadvertently that you had initiated him  for i had seen you having
him  

 oh  you bad girl  how could you be so cruel and imprudent  

 well  dear aunt  there is no great harm done  charlie s aunt was soon
quite appeased and regularly joined us after this  she is as fond  if
not fonder  of gamahuching me as you used to be  she has grown greedy
for charlie s immense cock  envies your having had the first of him  and
says that if she had known of his wonderful proportions  she could not
have resisted initiating him herself  she hopes that  through my means 
she will become more intimate with you  i have told her of your
beautiful clitoris  she dotes on the gamahuche  and vows that she will
never be happy till she has done it to you  

this explanation was a great relief to the widow  who knew she was all
right with the doctor  and now foresaw that it would be all right with
his wife also and they would have complete freedom to indulge in the
wildest lubricity  so having dressed  they descended to dinner  the
doctor had explained all their london doings to his wife  so that after
dinner the three ladies exchanged confidence  aunt was so eager to see
and suck mrs  dale s large clitoris that they adjourned to aunt s
bedroom  where the doctor discovered them in the midst of their
operations  mrs  dale was stretched on her back  with extended
thighs aunt  with her head pressed by mrs  dale s hands down on her
cunt  was sucking at the splendid clitoris  and working some fingers in
and out her cunt  they were too intent on their pleasure to notice his
entrance  aunt s petticoats were above her hips  as she knelt  the old
boy s cock stood  he advanced  knelt down  got between her legs  and
fucked her as she was  begging her to continue her lascivious operations
on mrs  dale  when he had finished  he congratulated both ladies on the
intimate friendship established between them  said it was the best wish
of his heart  he assured mrs  dale that his wife was the best woman in
the world  and never grudged him a little variety 

 so i have acknowledged my infidelity with you  and it appears my nephew
has been taking my place  in my absence  she tells me you instructed
charlie  and that he is monstrous when in erection  as big again as me 
or as a certain grenadier captain  once a favourite of my wife s  i am
curious to see it  she tells me also that he has been sleeping with your
charming niece ellen  who  i must confess  has raised in me a great
desire to possess her  now  my dear madam  if you will consent to invite
charlie to sleep with you and ellen  i could come in  after you have
each had a turn or two out of charlie  and take ellen  while you would
have charlie all to yourself  my wife won t object  and i hope you will
give your consent  

 well  my dear doctor  after what has occurred between us  i can refuse
you nothing  but i think dear harry should have some comfort  i suppose 
my dear madam  that the doctor has told you of my son surprising and
violating me  your husband reconciled me to his caresses  and i can
assure you that without the enormous size of charlie  he has a charming
way that may please any woman  from what the doctor says  you are free
from prejudices  why should you be left out in the cold  while we are
all enjoying ourselves  why should you not go to his bedroom  and see
what he is made of  i  his mother  can strongly recommend him to your
favour  

so it was arranged 

during the evening  mrs  dale whispered to me to come to them after the
domestics had gone to bed  i went and fucked them both three times 
twice in front and once behind  the one who was being fucked always
gamahuching the other  when i began to tail off  mrs  dale arose 
unbolted the door of communication with uncle s room  and invited him to
ellen s arms  who was very glad to have a little further experience of
another man s prick  uncle gallantly gamahuched her before fucking her 
then begged to see my wonderful prick  pretended to be perfectly
astonished at its monstrous dimensions  and wondered how ellen s little
cunt could ever have taken it in  it was a tight fit certainly  but the
dear creature liked it none the worse for that  before fucking ellen  he
begged mrs  dale to let him guide my large prick into her  after
enjoying our first movements  and being excited into sufficient
consistency  he proceeded to fuck dear ellen  even he had some
difficulty in entering  notwithstanding the libations i had previously
poured into her  but being once fairly hilted  he declared it was one of
the tightest little cunts it had ever been his good fortune to fuck 
after this  we proceeded each our way  and with a longer interval 
brought matters to the exquisite conclusion  panting and throbbing for
some time afterwards 

the doctor now retired  and we arranged ourselves for repose  we were
awakened in the morning by the entrance of aunt and harry  he flew to
his mamma s arms  who lay down on ellen to gamahuche her while harry was
fucking her  aunt and i coupled in the old fashioned way  uncle entered
while we were in full operation  and seeing the tempting backside of
harry  scrambled up behind and fucked his bottom  after we had done 
aunt pretended to be shocked at his attack on a boy s bottom a woman s
was a different thing 

 well  then  my dear  get upon charlie the next time  and i shall fuck
your truly magnificent bottom  

and he drew mrs  dale s attention to the glorious proportions  not only
of aunt s bottom  but of her body  and all her limbs 

 oh  it is indeed glorious   said she   i must  my dear madam  gamahuche
you  i have not forgotten the exquisite pleasure you gave me in that
way  

 willingly   cried my aunt   provided you give me your clitoris to
occupy me  

 certainly  that will suit me admirably  but you must lie upon me  that
i may have the pleasure of gazing on that magnificent bottom  and
caressing the immense rotundities of your buttocks  

oh  it was a glorious sight to see these two wanton lascivious women in
the full enjoyment of each other  it set us all on fire  and the moment
they had done i slaked the fire within me in the capacious but tight
cunt of my aunt  while uncle fucked her bottom hole  mrs  dale lay under
ellen  while harry fucked ellen from behind  and ellen gamahuched her
aunt  who herself guided her son s prick into ellen s cunt  and tickled
her clitoris  at the same time acting postillion to her son s
bottom hole 

oh  it was a splendid bout we were all so excited and it was also the
first meeting of us all in one orgie  we all died away in a perfect
heaven of ecstasy  and lay long in the after enjoyment  our previous
night s work made this the last for the time  and we all separated to
seek some welcome repose before breakfast time 

mrs  dale remained our visitor for three days  during which we met in
the doctor s bedroom every night  and renewed our delicious orgies  mrs 
dale carried off her son and niece  and i promised to come over to her
cottage on the following saturday  when harry and i took turn and turn
about with the two dear creatures  sometimes fucking one between us two
at once  when the school resumed its work  mrs  dale and ellen always
dined at the rectory on sunday and slept there  when we made a general
orgie in the old style 

this continued until our midsummer holidays  when i was to leave the
rectory for king s college  mrs  dale s and ellen s pregnancies  daily
becoming nearer to the period of parturition  were getting more
difficult to conceal  we had long discussions with uncle as to what was
best to be done  it was at last arranged that they should leave the
cottage as if for a tour on the continent  but in reality should only go
to paris  and take apartments in the house of a good  accoucheuse  in
the environs  and remain quiet there till the period of delivery  it was
not necessary for them to go before we broke up  and the doctor and
harry and i could accompany them  and after i had seen my guardian on my
return to london  i had no doubt of getting his leave  and the necessary
means to visit the continent up to the middle of october  when the
classes would begin  it all fell out as arranged  nothing of the
pregnancy was visible  thanks to the full robes worn 

we accomplished our journey  found a capital  accoucheuse  in a
beautiful neighbourhood  with a large garden  harry  uncle  and aunt
remained with them  while i returned to london  i saw my guardian  who 
after putting me through an examination  expressed himself much pleased
with my progress  said the visit to the continent would expand my mind 
and that he would furnish me with the means  he recommended that i
should visit my mother first for a fortnight  and announced that at
about the end of that time the girls would come up to london to enter a
first rate finishing school  he further told me he had proposed to and
had been accepted by miss frankland  and they were to be married at the
same time  my sisters were to be bridesmaids  and i could be present at
the marriage before going abroad  all this being arranged  i ran down
home  my mother was delighted to see me  and thought me grown and much
improved  it is needless to say how glad my sisters and miss frankland
were to see me  they had had no fucking except by tongue or dildo  so
you may imagine the fury with which they set upon me the first two or
three nights  we resumed all our lascivious operations of former days 
my sisters had developed into splendid women  the youngest still the
most libidinous  dear miss frankland  on my congratulating her on her
intended marriage  lovingly told me that it was the prospect of being
near me that had reconciled her to it  we spent a most delicious
fortnight  which passed like a day 

i found an opportunity of fucking my old governess  mrs  vincent that
was  my son was a fine little fellow  toddling about and talking
already  his mother loved me as much as ever  and was become a finer
developed woman  more amorous and lecherous than she used to be  she
said no one could be kinder or more loving than her husband  and she had
never been unfaithful to him but with me  whom  as her own formation 
she must always love  and would never refuse me anything i asked when it
could be safely done  at the sole opportunity i had i fucked her three
times without drawing  and finished with a bottom fuck  i may here
mention that a little girl followed for nine months from that period 
which she always assured me was mine 

my mother  the girls  and miss frankland all came up with me to london 
the marriage went off with  eclat   my guardian made very handsome
presents to my sisters  and gave me a gold watch  chain  and seals 
together with a handsome cheque for my travelling expenses  he and his
bride  whom i fucked just before she went to church  departed for
scotland  to return by the english lakes  for their honeymoon trip  a
few days afterwards  having had two or three nights excellent fucking
with my sisters  mamma and i conducted them to their school  and left
them with tearful adieux  my mother was to remain in town for a week
until uncle and aunt s return  when she intended to accompany her sister
to the rectory and remain there until i returned from the continent  i
was quickly again in paris  we took rooms near the two darlings  where
uncle and aunt remained for the week they had yet to stay  we took mamma
and ellen several times to the play  and they slept with us every night 
uncle and aunt left at the end of the week  but we kept on the
apartments for the dear women to come to us  fucking them as much as we
could  it seemed as if their pregnancy stimulated their lubricity  for
we could hardly satisfy them  we had at least always to take them on
hands and knees  although neither of them ever showed much in
front their babes lying just between but  by jove  their hips expanded
splendidly  dear mamma measured a yard across  and her backside
projected almost as much as my aunt s  she loved to be fucked in her
bottom hole to the last  we actually had them both up to the night
before the day they were each confined  nothing could be more favourable
than their time  as i formerly stated  each had a little daughter 

on the ninth day afterwards they were both able to rise  but as it would
have been very prejudicial to renew our intercourse before another three
weeks had elapsed  harry and i went off for a walking excursion in
switzerland  which we traversed in all directions  with continual
delight at the glorious scenery  we did not touch a single woman  when
very sharp set we fucked each other  but very little even of that  so
that we renovated our constitutions and returned in robust health  ready
to do justice to the charms of the two darlings  who had impatiently
awaited our arrival 

it is needless to repeat the description of the delicious fucking with
which they welcomed us  they appeared more lovely than ever  especially
ellen  who had developed into womanhood  we made arrangements to leave
the two darling children in the hands of a healthy wet nurse  and set
out on an expedition down the loire to tours  bordeaux  and the
pyrenees  returned at the end of september by montpellier  nismes 
avignon  and lyons 

the two babes were in excellent health  arrangements were made for their
remaining with their foster mother for a year  and we all returned to
london together 

we had three nights  delicious fucking before they returned to the
country  and promises were made that they would come to town from time
to time to renew our orgies  my mother and aunt came up to see me
settled in my lodgings  which were taken in norfolk street  and i was
entered at king s college 

i passed a delicious night with aunt before she left  and ran down with
my mother to see her safe home  on my return i found my guardian had
returned  i called to pay my respects to his wife  i found her alone 
and we managed her first piece of adultery  which  as you may suppose 
was not the last  but as this third volume is already a long one  i
shall here close it 

the fourth will introduce us to london  and renew the delicious
intercourse with mrs  benson  as well as with my guardian s wife  and
our dear friend maccallum  as well as many other friends 

end of volume iii 




volume iv 


contents


jane ann mrs  nichols the benson  the egerton  and the count ann  the
nichols  and maccallum aunt  uncle  harry  the frankland and the de
grandvits carl the count the frankland

i concluded my last volume by saying that i had taken lodgings in
norfolk street  strand  for the convenience of being near king s
college  it was at the house of a mrs  nichols  tall  powerfully built 
masculine  but a kind and motherly looking widow of fifty two an
attentive and bustling landlady  looking herself to the better cooking 
and having a plain cook  who was also a general servant  to help her
downstairs  and two nieces to do the waiting and attendance on her
lodgers upstairs  the younger was there alone when i entered the
lodgings  her elder sister had had what they called a  misfortune   and
was then in the country until she could be unburthened of it  she was
expected back in about six weeks  meanwhile  as the winter was not the
season  i was the only lodger  and the younger had only me to attend to 
her name was jane  she was but a little thing  but very well made  good
bubbies and bottom  which i soon discovered were firm and hard 
projecting fully on both sides  she was fairly good looking  but with a
singular innocent manner of freedom about her that made me imagine she
had as yet had no chance of a  misfortune   in a week we became
intimate  and after often praising her pretty face and figure  i
snatched a kiss now and then  which at first she resented with an
attractive yet innocent sort of sauciness  it was in her struggles on
these occasions that i became aware of the firm and hard bosom and
bottom 

up to this time my flirtations were without ulterior object  but the
reality of the attractions of these hidden charms raised my lustful
passions  i gradually increased my flatteries and caresses  squeezed her
bubbies  when i sometimes drew her on my knee and was kissing her  and
as at first she resisted my drawing her to my knee  i took occasion to
lay hold of her buttocks  which i found more developed than i could have
supposed  gradually her resistance to these little liberties ceased and
she would quietly sit on my knee and return the kiss i gave  her dress
was a little open in front  so from feeling her bubbies outside  i
gradually got to feeling their naked beauties inside  i now thought i
could attempt greater familiarities  so one day when seated on my knee
with one arm round her waist  i pressed her to my lips  and while so
engaged  whipt my free arm up her petticoats  and before she had become
aware of the movement  had got my hand upon her mount  a very nicely
haired one  she started up to a standing position  but as i held her
close clasped round the waist she could not get away  and her new
position enabled me the easier to get my hand between her thighs and
thus to feel her charming pouting little cunt  i began attempting to
frig her clitoris  but stooping she drew her cunt away  and looking at
me with a droll innocent expression of alarm  and with a perfect
unconsciousness of the import of her words  cried   oh  take care what
you are at  you don t know how a lodger this last summer suffered for
seizing me in that way and hurting me very much  i screamed out  aunt
came up  and  do you know  he had     to pay for his impudence  

i could not but smile at the extraordinary innocence of the girl 

 but i do not hurt you  dear jane   said i   and don t mean to do so  

 that was what he said  but he went on in a most horrible way  and not
only hurt me very much  but made me bleed  

 it would not be with his hand  you see i only gently press this soft
hairy little thing  i am sure that don t hurt you  

 oh  no  if that was all i should not mind it  it was when he pushed me
on the sofa  and pressed upon me  that he hurt me terribly  and you must
take care what you are about  or you  too  will have to pay      

there was a curious air of innocence in all this  it was evident to me
the fellow had got into her  and broken her hymen with violence  and
then her screams had prevented his finishing his work  her manner
convinced me that she was really not aware of the consequences  or
rather had not as yet really had her sexual passions aroused 

 well  my dear jane  i neither intend to hurt you or make myself liable
to pay      but you will not refuse me the pleasure of feeling this nice
little hairy nest  you see how gentle i am  

 well  if you will do me no more hurt than that i shan t refuse you 
because you are a nice kind young gentleman  and very different from the
other rough fellow  who never chattered with me and made me laugh as you
do but you must not push your fingers up there  it was something he
pushed up there that hurt me so  

i withdrew my finger  and as  at my request  she had opened her thighs a
little  i felt and caressed her very nice little cunt  and with a finger
pressed externally above her clitoris  i could see that she flushed and
shivered on feeling me there  however  i did no more than gently press
and feel all her hairy mount and fat pouting cunt  she said i must let
her go  or her aunt would be coming up 

the first step was now gained  gradually i progressed further and
further  felt her charming bare arse as she stood before me  got her to
let me see the beautiful curls she had got on her cunt  then came to
kissing it  until at last she opened her thighs and let me tongue it  to
her most exquisite delight  i made her spend for the first time in her
life  and soon she came to me for it  i had gradually introduced a
finger up her cunt while licking her clitoris and exciting her so much
that she was unconscious of my doing it  then two fingers  and after she
had spent deliriously  i made them perform an imitation of a throb 
which made her jump and ask what i was doing  i asked if she did not
feel that my fingers were inside of her sweet fanny 

 you don t say so  it was there i was so hurt  

 but i do not hurt you  dear jane  

 oh  dear no  it makes me feel queer  but it is very nice  

 well  now you know that i have two fingers inside  i will use my tongue
again against your charming little clitoris  and work the fingers in and
out  

i did so  and she soon spent in an agony of delight  pressing my head
down hard on her cunt  and crying  oh  oh  it is too great a pleasure  
and then died off  half insensible  another time i repeated this she
told me not to forget to use my fingers  having made her spend twice i
took her on my knee  and told her that i possessed an instrument that
would give her far more pleasure than tongue or finger 

 indeed   said she   where is it  i should so like to see it  

 you won t tell  

 oh  no  

so pulling out my stiff standing prick  she stared in amazement  she had
really never seen a prick  although it was evidently a prick that had
deflowered her  for with my fingers i had explored her cunt  and found
no hymen there  i put her hand upon it  she involuntarily grasped it
firmly 

 this enormous thing could never get into my body  look  it is thicker
than all your fingers put together  and only two fingers feel so tight  

 yes  darling  but this dear little thing stretches  and was made to
receive this big thing  

i was exciting her clitoris with my finger  she grew evidently
lasciviously inclined  so saying   just let me try  and if it hurts you
i will stop  you know i am always gentle with you  

 so you are  my dear fellow  but take care not to hurt me   she lay down
on the bed  as i desired  with feet up and knees laid open  i spat on my
prick  and wetted the knob and upper shaft well  then bringing it to her
cunt  well moistened by my saliva in gamahuching her  i held open the
lips with the fingers of my left hand  and half buried its knob before
getting to the real entrance 

 don t flinch  dearest  i shall not hurt   and i got it well over the
knob  and buried it one inch further 

 stop   she cried   it seems as if it would burst me open  it so
stretches me  

 but it does not hurt you  dearest   i had immediately stopped before
asking the question 

 no not exactly  but i feel as if something was in my throat  

 rest a little  and that will go off   i slipped a finger down on her
clitoris  and as i frigged it she grew more and more excited  giving
delicious cunt pressures on my prick  it gradually made its way by the
gentle pushing i continued to make without other movements  it was more
than half in when she spent  this not only lubricated the interior  but
the inner muscles relaxing  a gentle shove forward housed it to the
hilt  and then i lay quiet until she recovered from the half fainting
state her last discharge had produced  soon the increased pressures of
the inner folds showed that her passions were awakening afresh  she
opened her eyes and  looking lovingly  said i had given her great
pleasure  but she felt as if something enormous was stretching her
inside to the utmost  had i got it all in 

 yes  dearest  and now it will be able to give you greater pleasure than
before   i began a slow withdrawal and return  frigging her clitoris at
the same time  for i was standing between her legs  she soon grew wild
with excitement  nature prompting her  her arse rose and fell almost as
well as if she was mistress of the art  the novel combination of prick
and finger quickly brought on the ecstatic crisis  i  too  was wild with
lust  and we spent together  ending in an annihilation of all our senses
by the extreme ecstasy of the final overpowering crisis  we lay panting
for some time in all the after joys  dear jane begged me to give her
some water  as she felt quite faint  i withdrew  still almost in a
standing state  got her some water  helped her up  seated her on the
sofa and kissed her lovingly as i thanked her for the exquisite joy she
had given me  she threw her arms round my neck  and with tears in her
eyes told me i had taught her the joys of heaven  and she should always
love me  and i must always love her  for now she could not live without
me  i kissed and dried her eyes  and told her we should in future enjoy
it even more when she got accustomed to it 

 let me see the dear thing that gave me such pleasure  

i pulled it out  but it was no longer at the stand  and this surprised
her  i explained the necessity of its being so  but said she would
quickly see it rise and swell to the former size if she continued to
handle it so nicely  it rose almost before i could say as much  she
fondled it  and even stooped and kissed its ruby head  we should quickly
have got to another bout of fucking if the ringing of the call bell had
not brought us to a sense of its imprudence  so after arranging her hair
and dress  she hastily descended with some of the breakfast things 

of course  so good a beginning led to constant renewals and jane quickly
became extremely amorous  and under my instruction a first rate fucker 

as all my dear friends were not in london  i was fortunate in having
such a  bonne bouche  to comfort me  my sisters passed every sunday with
me  and both got some good fucking out of me in every way  without
raising any suspicions in the house 

a month after i had taken up my residence at mrs  nichols s  jane s
sister arrived  she was a much finer woman than jane  broad shouldered 
wide spread bosom  which  in after days  i found had not suffered by her
 misfortune   but then she had not suckled it  her hips were widely
projected  and she was grand and magnificent in her arse  naturally of a
very hot temperament  when once she had tasted the magnificent weapon i
was possessed of  she grew most lasciviously lustful  and was one of the
best fuckers i ever met with  her power of nip almost equalled by
beloved aunt s  jane was fair  ann was dark  with black locks and black
hairy cunt a very long cunt  with a small tight hole in it  and above it
a wide spread projecting mount  splendidly furnished with hair  her
clitoris was hard and thick  but with little projection  she also became
madly fond of arse fucking  and particularly liked me to spend therein 
this was partly to prevent any consequences leading to a second
 misfortune  

on her first arrival jane was much afraid she would discover our
connection and we took every precaution  although i  in my heart  wished
this might occur  for as she occasionally waited on me  i grew lecherous
upon one whose charms  even covered  excited me greatly  i always
flattered and praised her magnificence of figure whenever she came alone
to me  but as jane generally was running in and out  i did not attempt
further action  one morning i overheard mrs  nichols tell jane to put on
her bonnet and go to oxford street on some errand  i knew thus that ann
would attend on me  and there would be no chance of interruption from
jane  so i determined to come at once to the point  we had become on
friendly  chatty terms  and when she had laid breakfast i asked her to
help me on with my coat  which done  i thanked her and with one arm
round her waist drew her to me and kissed her   hallo   said she   that
is something new   but did not attempt to withdraw  so giving her
another kiss  i told her what a glorious woman she was  and how she
excited me just see  i held one of her hands  and before she was aware 
placed it on my huge prick  that bulged out of my trousers as if it
would burst its way through 

she could not help squeezing it  while she cried  goodness  gracious 
what an enormous thing you have got  

her face flushed  her eyes sparkled with the fire of lust that stirred
her whole soul  she tried to grasp it 

 stop   said i   and i will put it in its natural state into your hand  

so pulling it out  she seized it at once  and most lasciviously gazed
upon it  pressing it gently  she evidently was growing lewder and
lewder  so i at once proposed to fuck her  and thinking it best to be
frank  and put her at her ease  i told her that i knew she had had a
 misfortune   but if she would let me fuck her i should be on honour to
withdraw before spending  and thus avoid all chance of putting her belly
up 

she had become so randy that she felt  as she afterwards told me  she
could not refuse so splendid a prick of a size she had often dreamt of 
and longed for 

 can i trust you   said she 

 safely  my dear  

 then you may have me let me embrace that dear object  

stooping  she kissed it most voluptuously  shivering at the same time in
the ecstasy of a spend produced by the mere sight and touch  she gave
one or two  oh s   and drawing me to the bed by my prick  threw herself
back  pulling her petticoats up at the same time  then i beheld her
splendid cunt in all its magnificence of size and hairiness  i sank on
my knees and glued my lips to the oozing entrance  for she was one who
spent most profusely  her cunt had the true delicious odour  and her
spunk was thick and glutinous for a woman 

i tongued her clitoris  driving her voluptuously wild  so she cried 

 oh  do put that glorious prick into me  but remember your promise  

i brought it up to that wide spread  large lipped  and immense cunt  i
fully expected that big as i was i should slip in over head and
shoulders with the greatest ease  so you may imagine my surprise to find
the tightest and smallest of entrances to the inner vagina i almost ever
met with  it was really with greater difficulty i effected an entrance
than i had with her little sister  whose cunt presented no such
voluptuous grandeur  it was as tight a fit as ellen s was to me on our
first coition  tight as it was  it gave her nothing but the most
exquisite pleasure  she was thoroughly up to her work  and was really
one of the most voluptuous and lascivious fuckers i have ever met with 
excellent as my experience has been  i made her  with fucking and
frigging  spend six times before i suddenly withdrew my prick  and
pressing its shaft against her wet lips  and my own belly  spent
deliciously outside  shortly after it rose again  and this time after
making her spend as often as before  for she was most voluptuously
lustful  when i withdrew  she suddenly got from under me  and seizing
its shaft with one hand  stooped and took its knob between her lips  and
quickly made me pour a flood of sperm into her mouth  which she eagerly
swallowed and sucked on to my great delight 

we should have had a third bout but for the necessity of her going down
to her aunt 

i breakfasted  then rang to take away  again we had a delicious fuck 
and a third when she came to make the bed and empty the slops  this
third time i begged her to kneel on the sofa  and let me see her
gloriously grand arse  and when i had to retire i would show her a way
that would continue both our pleasure  so after fucking her from behind 
and making her spend far oftener than me  i withdrew  and pushing it up
between the lips over the clitoris  with my hand round her waist  i
pressed it tightly against her cunt and clitoris  and continued to
wriggle my arse  made her spend again as i poured a flood all up over
her belly  she declared it was almost as good as if inside 

after this very shortly i proposed to push its nose into her
bottom hole  and just spend within 

with reluctance at first  it ended in her not only liking the point
there  but deliciously enjoying my whole prick within  and eventually it
was always the receptacle of a first discharge induced by fucking  and a
second fuck completely carried on in that more secret altar of lust  she
became a first rate  enculeuse  

it soon happened that both sisters knew of the other enjoying me  and it
ended in their slipping down from their attic  where both slept in the
same bed  to my room  and we had most delicious fucking and double
gamahuching 

ann was by far the finest and the most lascivious fuck  but little jane
had a certain charm of youth and also of freshness  which got her a fair
share of my favours 

we carried this on for several weeks until use made us careless and
noisy 

the aunt  when no lodgers occupied the room  slept overhead  and 
probably being sleepless one morning  when it was early daylight  heard
our voices  came down and surprised me in the very act of fucking ann
and gamahuching jane  who stood above her and presented her cunt to my
lecherous tongue  a loud exclamation from their aunt roused us up at
once 

 get to bed  you dreadful hussies  

they fled without a moment s hesitation 

mrs  nichols then began to remonstrate with me on the infamy of my
conduct  i approached the door apparently to get my shirt  for i was
stark naked  but in fact to shut and lock my door  and then to turn on
mrs  nichols  who apparently had quite forgotten she had only her short
shift on  which not only allowed the full display of very fine  firm 
and ample bubbies  but not falling below the middle of her thighs 
showed remarkably well made legs and small knees  with the swelling of
immense thighs just indicated 

my stiff standing prick in full vigour  and if anything  still more
stimulated by the unexpected beauties shown by mrs  nichols  i turned
upon her and seizing her round the waist from behind  pushed her
forward  and before she could recover herself i had hauled up her  cutty
sark   seen a most magnificent arse  and into her cunt not without
somewhat painful violence  before she could recover from the surprise of
the attack 

she screamed out murder  but there was no one who could hear but the
girls  and they knew better than to interrupt me  i kept fucking away in
spite of cries  and passing an arm round her body  with my finger i got
to her clitoris  which sprang out into considerable proportions  my big
prick and the frigging of her clitoris produced their natural result  in
spite of herself she grew full of lust  i felt her cunt pressures  and
knew how her passions were rising  speedily  in place of resisting  she
began to cry   oh  oh   and breathe hard  and then most gloriously
wriggled her splendid arse  and as i spent she too was taken in the
delicious ecstasy of the final crisis  she lay throbbing on my delighted
prick until it stood as stiff as before  i began a slow movement  she
made no resistance  except crying out   oh  dear  oh  dear   as if in
spite of regrets  she could not help enjoying it  indeed  at last she
said 

 oh  what a man you are  mr  roberts  it is very wrong of you to do
this  but i cannot resist enjoying it myself  it is years since i did
such a thing  but as you have done it  it makes me wish you should do it
again  let us change position  

 very well  but you must throw off this tiresome chemise  or i won t
withdraw  

as her lust was so excited  she made no objection  so withdrawing we
stood up  she drew her shift over her head  and displayed a far more
splendid form  with an exquisitely fair and dimpled skin  than i could
have thought possible 

 my dear mrs  nichols  what a fine perfect form you have got  let me
embrace you in my arms  

she was nothing loath  flattered by my praise  she laid hold of my cock
with one hand  and closely clasped me with the other arm  while i threw
an arm and hand round on her truly magnificent arse  and with my other
hand pressed on a wonderful pair of bubbies as hard and firm as any maid
of eighteen  our mouths met in a loving kiss  our tongues exchanged
endearments  she said 

 you have made me very wicked  let me have this enormous and dear fellow
again  

i said i must first gaze on all her beauties  especially on her gorgeous
and enormous bottom  she turned herself round in every way  delighted to
find that i so ardently admired her 

she then lay down on her back  and spread wide her legs  and called to
me to mount and put it in 

 first i must kiss this beautiful cunt  and suck this superb clitoris  

her mount was covered with closely curled brown silky locks  her cunt
was large with grand thick lips and well haired sides  her clitoris
stood out quite three inches  red and stiff  i took it in my mouth 
sucked it  and frigged her cunt with two fingers  which went in with the
greatest ease  but were nipped tightly the moment the entrance was
gained  and i frigged and sucked until she spent madly with absolute
screams of delight  i continued to suck and excite her  which quickly
made her cry out 

 oh  darling boy  come and shove your glorious prick into my longing
cunt  

i sprang up and buried him until our two hairs were crushed between us 
she held me tight for a minute without moving  then went off like a wild
 bacchante   and uttered voluptuous bawdy expressions 

 shove your delicious prick further and harder  oh  you are killing me
with delight  

she was a perfect mistress of the art  gave me exquisite pleasure  and 
i may add  proved afterwards a woman of infinite variety  and became one
of my most devoted admirers  our intrigue continued for years  while her
age  as is the case with good wine  only appeared to improve her  her
husband was not a bad fucker  but having only a small prick  had never
stimulated her lust as my big splitter had done 

we had on this first occasion three other good fucks  which she seemed
to enjoy more and more 

as i had previously fucked the girls pretty well  my prick at last
refused to rise and perform  we had to stop fucking  but i gamahuched
her once more after again posing her  and admiring her really
wonderfully well made and well preserved body  she had a good suck at my
cock  without bringing him up again 

at last we separated  but not before she made a promise that she would
sleep with me that night  and a glorious night we had  i had the more
difficult task of reconciling her to my having her nieces  i used to
have them one night  and sleep with her the next 

ann  as i have said  was one of the lewdest and most lascivious women i
had ever known  i had told them of the beauty of their aunt s whole
person  and of her wonderful clitoris  and how she liked me to gamahuche
it  this awakened the tribadic passions of ann to gamahuche her aunt 

i  at last  persuaded her to let ann join us  and both were afterwards
extremely glad i had done so  for both were thorough tribades  and
lasciviously enjoyed each other  while being fucked by me in turns  mrs 
nichols too  once she got used to arse fucking  delighted in it  and we
had the wildest orgies together 

meanwhile  my very dear friend maccallum had returned to town  he lived
in the outskirts  but had taken a small set of chambers at lyon s inn  a
sitting room and bedroom  where he had a complete library of bawdy books
and pictures to excite to new efforts passions palled with excess  it
was here i took my sisters  and every sunday we four  stripped to the
buff  indulged in every excess the wildest lust could prompt 

at christmas  uncle  aunt  the dales  and ellen all came to town  and
taking the same rooms with others that uncle and mrs  dale and her son
had formerly down in norfolk street  we had the most glorious orgies 

i confessed that i had debauched my sisters during the weary months i
had been left alone with them  and advised their initiation into our
society  uncle greedily snatched at the idea  so did aunt and harry
dale  but his mother and ellen rather discouraged it  however  the
majority had it  and aunt went to the school  and took them away for the
holidays  i had instructed them to keep up the idea of a late initiation
by me  and how much they liked it when done  carefully avoiding the
least reference to former freedoms 

they afforded a very effective aid to the wild variety of our orgies 
uncle especially affected them  and was never tired of fucking  sucking
or gamahuching their splendid charms  aunt  whose lech was for fresh
young women  was unbounded in her admiration and tribadic use of their
bodies 

i made a confident of harry dale about our re unions at maccallum s 
and  with the latter s leave  introduced him to our orgies in the inn 

maccallum took greatly to the fine tight arse of young dale  he also
wished to have ellen introduced  i took occasion to break the matter to
her  and in the end she made a delicious addition to those private
orgies  in march mrs  benson  mrs  egerton  and husbands came up to
town 

i had written to the benson  and got a note from her the moment she
arrived  i called immediately  and finding her alone  her husband having
gone to the city  was received with delight  after flying into each
other s arms  nature was too fierce for any amorous preliminaries  a
sofa received our ardent bodies  and before one could think  legs were
opened  cunt invaded  and a most rapid fuck  too rapid for luxury  was
run off  then while recovering from our first delirium of pleasure  we
had time for a few words of mutual praise and admiration of improvements
in both  but it was not until i had fucked her four times  and made her
spend at least twice as often  that we found time to enter into close
converse upon past events 

i had known by letter of the intrigue with the count  mrs  egerton  and
herself  and now heard  from her own mouth  more exciting details  she
told me how mrs  egerton was eager to possess my unusually great prick 
adding 

 by the way  she must be alone at this hour  come along  we may have
some fun today  

i had not seen mrs  egerton for many years  in fact  for long before i
had fucked mrs  benson  we went  her reception was all i could wish 

mrs  benson told us to lose no time  but to run off at least an
introductory embrace when the field was so clear  mrs  egerton made no
objection  the benson acted mistress of the ceremonies  pulled out my
prick and lifted the egerton s petticoats  turning both sides to view 
and making the egerton handle and admire the nobleness of my prick  then
telling her to kneel and present her fat arse to my lustful gaze  guided
my longing prick into her really delicious cunt  and a most excellent
fuck we had  which  as mrs  benson said  would put us at our ease in an
interview she had planned for next day  in which the count was to join
us  and telling me i should have to show my mettle to rival the count 

we met next day at a quiet house in percy street  tottenham court road 
the ladies had gone to the soho bazaar  leaving their carriage in soho
square  going out by another entrance in a back street  and driving up
in a cab to us in percy street 

at an evening call i had made  to be introduced to mr  egerton  i had
met and been introduced to the count  we had walked home as far as his
apartments  in berners street  and arranged to meet in percy street 
before the arrival of our beautiful and dear friends  thus we were
impatiently awaiting their coming when they arrived 

it is needless to say no sooner had they entered  and the mere embrace
and kiss of welcome been given  than they retired to another room 
opening into the one where we were  to take off all encumbrances to the
wildest lust  while we  too  disencumbered ourselves of all our clothes 
we were quicker than they were  and the count was in the act of handling
and admiring the grandeur of my prick when the two beautiful creatures
entered in nature s only robe  and well might we exclaim 

 woman  when unadorned is adorned the most   for two more beautiful
women or more perfectly lovely in shape could hardly be seen  women 
too  as voluptuous and lascivious in their passions as any of their sex
could be  and it was now our delight to enjoy and satisfy their ardent
lust by fucking them in every way  as well as for the first time giving
them the joy of having two real pricks in them at once  the charming
benson  as my original initiator in love s mysteries  claimed my first
embrace  the count fucking mrs  egerton  we were so placed that each
could see the other  and thus enjoy the excitement of the scene  the
dear creatures spent thrice to our once 

then the egerton claimed me while the count refilled the cunt i had just
quitted 

again we made them spend thrice to our once  they preferred these
preliminary encounters to the more lascivious excesses we were about to
enter upon as exciting and preparing their passions for more voluptuous
embraces 

both the dear creatures loved a prick  in culo  from time to time  but
as yet they had not had the opportunity of having a prick in each
aperture at once 

the egerton  to whom my prick was as yet a novelty  said she must have
it in her cunt while the count planted his lesser but very fine prick in
her arse 

the count s prick was quite as long  or nearly so  as mine  and even
thicker close to the roots  but tapered up to a small pointed knob  so
that for the  enculage  he had greater facility  than my huge knobbed
affair  whose head was as thick as any part of it  this difference of
formation made the dear creatures both prefer my prick in front while
the count attacked them in the rear  they generally each got two  with
me below and the count above  but  although it was at first somewhat
painful when my huge prick took the rearward side with the count in
front  they soon got accustomed to it  although invariably beginning 
after our preliminary fucking  with the count first  in culo  

the egerton  as i said before  made her first trial of two pricks
fucking her at once  by having me below her  i had laid down on my back 
she straddled over me  the benson claimed the place of conductress to
the instruments of pleasure  and  first giving a suck to my prick  she
guided it into the delicious cunt of her friend  who sank down upon my
stiff standing prick  deliciously impaling herself thereon  and went off
in a voluptuous discharge on feeling its huge head engulphed to the
utmost  she rose and fell upon it in an upright position  until she had
spent a second time  and had brought up her passion to the wildest rage
of lust  then falling into my longing arms  she called out to the count
to shove his prick at once into her arse 

the benson had  meanwhile  sucked and moistened the count s fine prick 
making him as eager as the egerton to be into her beautiful arsehole 
the benson conducted it to the divine entrance of that rapture giving
receptacle  which he entered at first with little difficulty  but as the
thickening of his prick by its further entrance began to stretch the
tender folds between our two pricks  the egerton cried out for a
momentary pause  as it was producing the strange sensation that one
prick alone produces in the earlier stage of sodomitic embraces 

the benson came to her aid by desiring the count to withdraw about half
the distance he had gained and having whipt up some warm soapsuds she
well wetted his lower shaft and then he more easily recovered lost
ground  and gained a complete lodgement within the tremendously
stretched affair  for as i have said  the lower part of his shaft was
thicker than i could grasp 

the egerton felt as if the two apertures were about to be torn into one 
and cried out for a few minutes  cessation 

we both lay still  beyond the involuntary throbbing of our pricks 
pressed as they were against each other  for the at all times thin
membrane dividing cunt from arsehole was now stretched to the fineness
of gold leaf  and to our sensations did not appear to exist at all 

these double throbbings soon stirred up all the wild lubricity of the
egerton s nature  first showing itself in the responsive inward
pressures of the delicate widely stretched folds of both receptacles 
then increasing in fiery lust  she cried out for us to begin gently our
first movements  we drew in and out in unison together  at first slowly 
but the egerton finding that we were producing the most excessive
delight to her double gorged receptacles  cried out 

 oh  oh  it is heavenly  fuck faster  you angelic fuckers  i oh  faster 
faster  oh  oh  it is too much  

she spent in such an agony of ecstasy as to faint clean away 

we were not aware of this  not having ourselves spent as we had only
paused to let her enjoy her most heavenly discharge to the utmost  then 
first with throbs  and then with in and outward movements  we soon
recovered her from her trance of excessive joy  her passions were more
violently stirred than before  she wriggled her arse convulsively
sideways  she raved in the grossest bawdy terms  and so excited us that
we all three came to the final crisis in wild cries of the grossest
lust  and died away in an agony of bliss  so overpowering that we lay 
almost insensible  soaking in the sacred vases in which were compressed
our well satisfied pricks  meanwhile the benson  wildly excited by the
scene enacted below her eyes  sought relief by kneeling beyond my head 
for we always fucked on the floor with mattresses spread widely around 
she then backed her splendid arse over my head  and brought her cunt to
my mouth  and i had gamahuched her continuously until my own delicious
spending annihilated all power of movement for the time being 

the egerton  in the agony of her pleasure at the moment of the last
spend  had fastened her teeth on the glorious arse of the benson before
her  and bit so hard as actually to draw blood and make the benson
spring forward with a sudden start and cry  but we were all too lost in
the ecstatic joys to even hear the cry of pain she uttered 

at last the egerton gave signs of returning life  the benson had risen
and was eager for her turn  but mrs  egerton implored that she might
have once again a taste of these more than heavenly joys while both
pricks were still engulfed within her and thus avoid the pain of
entrance 

this was so reasonable that the benson yielded with a good grace 

the count  to indemnify her  begged her to stride over our two bodies 
so as to bring her delicious cunt to his mouth  which  as he was
kneeling  was just at the proper level  so he gamahuched  and embracing
her splendid arse  postillioned her at the same time  thus we were a
chain of delight 

this bout was drawn out to great length 

the egerton must have spent half a dozen times  and when we both at last
jammed our pricks up in the ferocity of lust  making all three give down
life s essence in an almost killing ecstasy  she really fainted quite
away  and so alarmed us that we withdrew to use such remedies as were at
hand to bring her to  even then she was quite hysterical  we laid her in
the bed  she was relieved by a copious flood of tears  which she assured
us were those of joy at the exquisite and overpowering delights we had
conferred upon her  she begged us now to gratify the benson with the
same ecstatic joys we had bestowed upon her  and she would be a quiet 
and delighted spectator of our doings 

it was now my own loved mrs  benson s turn to experience the
inexpressible delights of the double junction  from her love of my
splendid splitter  of which she had taken the first sweets  and which
had been initiated in her deliciously adulterous cunt into the divine
mysteries of love  and the still more sacred and secret joys of the
second altar dedicated to the worship of priapean unutterably sensual
raptures  from this circumstance and the constant use of the rear
receptacle practised by her husband  whose prick was a very fine one 
the initiation into the  double jouissance  was less nervously effected
than with the less used arsehole of the more delicate egerton  but at
the same time two such pricks operating at once made her wince a little
before we were fairly engulphed to the cods  the banging together of
which in their close proximity added greatly to the stimulating of our
lust 

the sweet benson lent herself most readily to the work  and seconded us
by her art in wriggling her arse and the delicious cunt and sphincter
pressures  enjoying herself at once and more rapidly than the egerton 
she got four delicious discharges before our somewhat more sluggish
senses would allow us to come to the grand final crisis  which seemed to
stimulate the divine benson to a point of raving lust  which showed
itself in cries of the grossest bawdy  shouting to us to shove our
pricks in further and faster  calling us all the loudest blackguard
names she could put her tongue to absolutely roaring as the final
discharge seized her in the very same instant that we poured floods of
sperm into both interiors  she then sank  annihilated by the excess of
the voluptuous delights conferred upon her  but lay throbbing and
pulsating in all the after joys of the utmost venereal satisfaction  we
lay long in this delicious inanition of such voluptuous excesses 

the darling benson exercised her delicious  nippers  in both orifices 
which soon had their expected effect  and shortly the flesh gave
symptoms of its  resurrection  to mundane joys  after having passed
through the heavenly delights of paradise  truly rising from the most
delicious graves in which they were lying so exquisitely buried  like
her lovely predecessor she was eager for more  and if it were possible
our second course was superior to the first  at all events it was longer
drawn out  for the previous draughts on our slackening appendages made
the further delivery an effort requiring longer pumping  and thus
swelled the amount of pleasure by lengthening the process before
arriving at the grand final crisis 

the benson  much more ungovernable in her passion than we were  must
have spent six or seven times in our last effort  and died away in  if
anything  greater abandon than in our first course  and eventually sank
completely overcome by the entire satisfaction of her raging lust for
the time being  we  too  both wanted a respite  so we all rose 

the two dear creatures when once on their legs found instant necessity
to evacuate their rear receptacles of the double cargo taken in  and
disappeared for a few minutes 

we all purified ourselves and well laved everything with ice cold water
to reanimate them the sooner  we then sat down to a stimulating
refreshment  in which we at least all drank a bottle of champagne
apiece  in the midst of delightful and exciting bawdy wit and obscene
stories  in which our darling  fouteuses  showed a witty proficiency 

in half an hour we began to take up our positions  it was my turn to
take them in the rear  but both begged off for that day  the pause for
refreshment had given time to make them feel sore after the great
stretching they had undergone for the first time  so my turn was delayed
for three days  that being the usual delay in their orgies to prevent
suspicion by too frequent absences  but not excluding any opportunity
that might occur for a rack off in the mean time  so we only each fucked
them once and closed our exquisite orgy for that day  parting with every
expression of fully satisfied desires  and the warmest kisses and
embraces 

the count and i walked to his apartments to refresh ourselves there with
hot tumblers of toddy  whiskey being a great favourite of his  and  in
his opinion  the best restorative after our exhausting efforts with the
two insatiable creatures 

he congratulated himself on my accession to these orgies  as being a
great relief to the burden he had had in satisfying both in both ways
when all alone with them 

however  the count was an indefatigable and an unwearied fucker  but two
such insatiable cunts often had tried his powers to the utmost  and was
more than he liked to do at the interview  so he had found whiskey toddy
a remedy at once efficacious and agreeable  i myself with my private
excesses at home was glad to know so pleasant a restorative  the count
and i became the most intimate and attached friends  through him i
perfected myself in italian  and not many years after this  passed some
happy months with him in italy after he had been amnestied  returned to
his country and recovered part of his once large property  but of that
hereafter 

i called next day on my adored benson  who had developed into a glorious
woman  more lovely and lustful than ever 

we had but a moment to ourselves  and could not use it for amatory
purposes but as we both had much to relate we agreed to meet at our
house in percy street the next day 

this house was taken furnished for love purposes only  and merely an old
woman was kept to take care of and arrange matters when we were gone  it
was held in the count s name but paid for by the two fair users of it 
they had latch keys each  and the place was kept ready for everyday use 

the dear libidinous benson avowed that she used it for other lovers
unknown to the count or the egerton  paying the old woman liberally  she
had all her own way 

we met there the next day  rushing into each other s arms  and then
assisting in the undressing we had three exquisite fucks  during which
the delighted benson spent seven times  and then we could have a long
and uninterrupted talk over old times  and my after doings  i told her
all  and how the vincent  my elder sister  miss frankland  my aunt  and
mrs  dale had all thought me an innocent  receiving his first lesson in
their delicious cunts  and how true and wise had been her sage counsels 
she listened in wonder and delight  drew from me descriptive pictures of
our conjunctions and thrice interrupted my narrative to have a delicious
fuck to calm the excitement raised by the lascivious descriptions of my
acts with all those most glorious women  i told her also of my intrigue
at my lodgings with the two sisters and the count 

my description of the latter set her off in raging lust  and produced
another most excellent fuck  but afterwards she told me i must find
other quarters in some place where mrs  egerton and she  or either of
them  could call and receive comfort without observation 

i told her i was inscribed for chambers in the inner temple  which i had
reason to believe i should get in a week or two  this much pleased her 
and it will be seen that i succeeded in getting just such a set as
exactly suited the great object in view  approachable without being
under the observation of others  commodious and agreeable  where all
that the dear benson wished to be added to our set were brought
together  and the wildest orgies of the most insatiable lust were
carried on 

my description of my aunt  of mrs  dale  and especially of miss
frankland  now mrs  nixon  excited all the tribadic passions for which
the dear benson was so famous 

her clitoris  which was formerly prominent  was more so now  and she
dearly loved to gamahuche her own sex  in that way she took a great
fancy to my sisters  especially eliza  who had all the same instincts
very decidedly pronounced  so we had the prospect of the most consummate
orgies in near view  and most gloriously in the end we realised our
wildest expectations 

in men we were more restricted  the count would only consent to have
harry dale and my uncle in any orgy of which he formed part  he was
nervously timid about his sodomistic tendencies being known to many  and
only yielded on account of the relationship and the closer ties of harry
dale and myself  who eventually shared my chambers  and we lived
together  so that perforce he was obliged to put up with his presence 

he soon came to delight in having harry s prick in his bottom when
fucking others at our orgies  it will thus be seen that the count s
timid exclusiveness shut out from these family orgies my dear and
esteemed friend and master maccallum more  however  in a certain sense 
it was an advantage  as we had at least the pick of the young ones  in
my two sisters and ellen  who wanted very little persuasion to join our
lyon s inn orgies  and our excellent friend had some of his own set 
both male and female  to meet us either with one  two or all  for we
could not always manage to have the whole of the dear creatures
together   en revanche   dear maccallum had several youthful ganymedes 
whose tight young bottom holes were a great solace when cunts were
altogether absent 

we thus had two distinct and separate sets of orgies  which had all the
natural effect of novelty  and by exciting comparison  making us turn
from one to the other with renewed passions and power of enjoyment 

as my sisters could only come on sundays  that was our exclusive day 
and we made an entire day of it  but i  in the end  persuaded ann to
join our orgies with maccallum  and she proved a first rate addition in
every way 

i have already stated that she was of a most libidinous temperament  and
developed into one of the most lascivious and lustful of women one could
possibly find  and as she had rare beauties and splendour of form  she
was made to raise the most raging lust in man or woman  for she  too 
was as fond of tribadic indulgencies as my aunt or the delicious
frankland  her position as a servant prevented our introducing her to
ellen or my sisters  as a matter of worldly prudency it was best not to
trust her with the knowledge of their complying with all our lustful
demands on their charming persons 

the count  myself  and our two charming lovers met on the appointed day
to renew our delicious orgies  after both of us had fucked each dear
creature came the  double jouissance  

we took the adorable benson first  that the scene of our erotic sports
might stir the lust of the darling egerton to a greater heat  it was my
turn to lay my offering on the secret altar of priapus  while the count
filled her cunt with delight 

as i have before said  the arsehole of the benson was much more used
than that of the egerton  whose husband never dreamt of such a horror 
as she would call it  mr  benson  on the contrary  delighted in it  and
seldom passed a night without paying his devoirs to that delicious
aperture  so  although it was but the second time she had indulged in
the  double jouissance   yet her lust enabled her to take in with
greater ease my big prick in her arsehole  with the count s fine prick
in front  than when our parts were reversed  she revelled in the wild
fury of raging lust  created by the glorious ecstasy of having a prick
in each aperture screamed with wild cries of heavenly joy  spent
furiously  and eventually died away in an overpowering and indescribable
felicity  she soon recovered her senses  and begged for another bout
before withdrawing  of course there was immediate compliance and another
more soul killing encounter was run off with the usual death like
termination 

i had continuously gamahuched the egerton who straddled over the two
bodies below her  and brought her delicious cunt to my mouth  while my
arms encircled her beautifully formed and cream like coloured buttocks 
at the same time acting postillion with two fingers to increase her
lustful gratification 

we purified ourselves after this  and drank some champagne  then
standing stiff at the prospect of now possessing the lovely body of the
egerton  we took up the same position as before  the count under  in
cunt  the egerton above  with her deliciously fair arse exposed to my
embraces first  and my big prick afterwards 

the adored benson gave it a suck first  and well wetting the knob 
guided it to the narrow entrance of love s secret bower  its head was
soon housed  and although still creating strange feelings  the previous
day s attack had made the entrance more facile 

with little halting we drove on to the first delicious discharge  the
second bout was all divine pleasure  and ever after the delicious
egerton enjoyed it completely 

these delicious orgies with these two lovely women were indulged in on
every third day 

i became a favourite with both their husbands  thanks to a kind of
sheepish innocence that i had the power of putting on 

at the same time as my education had been well attended to and as i
myself was fond of study  attentive to my college instruction  and
anxious for a knowledge of foreign languages  i had become fairly
proficient in german and spanish  and well read in french and italian 
the latter was perfected by the count s friendship  as we were much
together and spoke nothing else  perhaps it was this which led to a
greater friendship for me on the part of mr  egerton  who was an
excellent italian scholar  his wife s intrigue with the count had also
perfected her  so that when we all four dined together italian was the
only language spoken among us 

the dear benson  too  was a perfect mistress of the count s tongue  as
well she might  having it so often in her mouth  and as it is a soft
language that lends itself to love and lust  it became ours in all our
orgies 

the delicious frankland  now mrs  nixon  returned to town with the
spring  by that time i was established in my chambers in the inner
temple  and had them simply furnished  but with every accessory for
love s combats in couples  or in the wildest orgies  the adorable benson
inaugurated and dedicated them to the service of holy mother venus and
her son cupid  as well as the more lustful eros 

the egerton and the count afterwards came to consecrate them to the
worship of priapus  and we had a most delicious orgy on that sacred
celebration 

it was on this occasion that those two wild lustful creatures insisted
on seeing the count and me in conjunction together  the benson guided me
into the count s bottom  while he was in the bottom of the egerton  and
the egerton conducted the count into my bottom while i was luxuriating
in the delicious arsehole of my adored benson  it satisfied a longing
desire on their parts to see man with man  and did not displease either
the count or myself  who  in our secret hearts  had each wished to
possess the other 

the count was a powerful and very hairy man  and had an especially very
full hairy arsehole  which to me was wildly exciting 

in that i differed from my dear friend maccallum  who loved bare arsed
youths with no hair there  telling me that coarse hairy arsed men rather
disgusted him  and although in his wide sodomitic experience he had had
such  it was with a certain repugnance that went against the grain 

in that i differed from him entirely  the hairier and the coarser a
man s arsehole was the more it excited me  in that respect the count was
exactly to my taste  he was very hairy all up the chink of his arse  and
had a very coarse skin and an almost black arsehole  so deep a brown it
was  the very sight of which always drove me mad with lust 

he as much loved me from another cause  his great letch was to frig a
fine prick while buggering the possessor  hence  as he had never met
with so fine a one as mine  he was insatiably fond of being into me and
frigging me at the same time 

we thus had two points of private attraction  that made us become the
closest of friends  but we did not let any of our dear female
participants know of the mutual joys of which they were not
participants 

the superb frankland  now my guardian s wife  also came alone to my
chambers  and we had a renewal of all our wildest experiences  she told
me it was such a comfort to her  for although her husband  mr  nixon 
was very loving  and did all he could  still it was nothing but exciting
her to long for others  especially for my own huge prick  of which she
never knew but that she had been the first initiator of it into love s
delicious recess in either sacred grove 

so fresh and eager as she was for the fray you may easily imagine the
wild excess we indulged in  sucking  gamahuching  fucking  and
buggering  i cannot tell how often in every way her exciting and
glorious body carried me away to an excess beyond anything i could have
thought myself capable of 

when fairly exhausted  and we could uninterruptedly talk over all that
had occurred since i had left my mother s house  she heard in full
detail  for the first time  all my adventures 

i had given her  at the time of her marriage  a hint of how matters had
gone  yet without any details  which now she was voracious to hear  i
told her of my aunt s and uncle s apparent seduction of me  nor did i
hide our goings on with young dale  and my after possession of ellen and
his mother  who was the last to believe herself my seducer  for as i
told the delicious frankland  i can never bear to call her nixon   i had
followed her sage advice  and up to the dale had played off the innocent
game with perfect success  but now that i was a man i threw all that
overboard 

 indeed   said she   and who have you been throwing it overboard with  

i laughed at her ready taking of me up  and then went on to a full
confession of all my intrigues 

she did not like my having taken up with the two servants  the nieces of
my late landlady  thinking it derogatory in one endowed with a prick
that any lady would be too glad to possess  but she was very much struck
with my description of the superb body and wonderful lubricity of the
nichols 

it excited her much  especially when i told her that she had given me
the idea of her near approach in body and wantonness to herself 

it will be seen hereafter to what a closer alliance with the nichols
this led  pressing her enquiries  i acknowledged my intrigue with the
benson  egerton  and count  this evidently excited her lust  as i could
see by the wild sparkle of her eye  it led to an immediate and delicious
fuck  and when recovered from its ecstatic finish  to closer and more
searching enquiry as to how i got into such intimacy  but i had expected
this somewhat jealous scrutiny  and was quite prepared for it  i led her
to believe they had been here nearly all the winter  i told her my
mother had desired me to call and see the bensons as friends of hers  i
had done so  the bensons quickly observed how largely i was furnished 
very soon gave me encouragement  of which i did not want much after the
late intercourse i had had with herself  aunt  and mrs  dale 

thus matters came quickly to their natural conclusion  she was perfectly
astonished at my powerful weapon  and as she and her dearest friend
already shared lovers  i was quickly introduced to her friend mrs 
egerton  and they had me together  and let me into the secret of their
intrigue with the count  which was followed by my initiation into their
orgies 

my praises of these two ladies  and my saying how glorious it would be
for her to make a fifth  and my description of the exquisite body and
the tribadic tendencies of mrs  benson  fired her wild imagination  and
woke up all her tribadic lusts  and it ended in her begging me to give a
luncheon at my chambers to the benson and the egerton  that she might be
introduced to them  more especially as they really moved in a society
somewhat higher than mr  nixon s connections  although  in point of
wealth  the nixons were far superior 

the little luncheon came off most agreeably  the ladies all took to each
other most warmly  seeing which  i boldly broke the ice  and telling the
benson and egerton that dear mrs  nixon was my first initiator in love s
mysteries  and as had both of them  the wisest thing we could do would
be to throw away all restraint and have a jollification all round  to
set them at their ease for there was a momentary hesitation i pulled out
my prick at full stand  and said 

 there s a prick worthy of all your exquisite cunts  and one  too  that
has enjoyed them all  and been enjoyed by everyone of you  so throw away
all hesitation and let him enjoy you all again  who is to have it
first  

they laughed  and all approached and handled it  interchanging their
opinions upon its being the very finest one that any of them had ever
seen 

 ah  now   said i   that is just the thing  you are at once put at ease 
then let us do it with ease  strip is the word  and let us have it
luxuriously  

they laughed  kissed each other  and said the dear fellow must have his
way  and all at once proceeded to undress  the glorious and wonderfully
hairy body of the frankland perfectly astonished them  and raised their
tribadic passions to fever heat  especially the benson  who threw
herself on that glorious form in an ecstasy of delight  more especially
as the frankland s passions being excited  her long red clitoris stood
out from the dense black mass of hair which covered not only her belly
and mount  but all down and around her cunt  nothing would satisfy the
benson but an immediate mutual gamahuche  for  with true tribadic
instinct  these two beautiful and libidinous women divined their mutual
letch for that particular lascivious inclination  and at once proceeded 
one on the top of the other  to wildly gamahuche each other  the egerton
and myself seized the opportunity of having a delicious fuck together 
which we brought to a conclusion before the others had satisfied their
immediate desires 

the frankland  who at first was under  was now above  and as she knelt
and pushed out her stupendous arse to bring her cunt over the benson s
mouth  the sight of its hairy arsehole roused my desire to fuck it  and
my cock responded instantly  so kneeling behind her  i introduced it to
the well known receptacle  and to her infinite additional delight 
sodomised her to perfection  this was another means of putting them all
at ease  and i fucked and buggered them all until neither handling nor
suction could get my prick to raise his head again 

you may easily imagine after this how delighted they were to make the
glorious frankland a participator in our orgies with the count  nor
shall i forget the wild gaze of surprise and lust when the count first
beheld the splendid and hairy form of the glorious frankland when she
entered the room in all the dazzling splendour of her perfect nakedness 
these two natures were made for each other  both salacious to a degree 
both vigorous in body and untiring in the most libidinous excesses of
the wildest lust  both hairy to a degree  showing the meaning of that
vast display all over both their bodies  they were instantly attracted
to each other  flew into the closest of embraces  and sinking on the
floor where they met  two strokes were racked off before they came to a
state of more moderation  amenable to our general operations  it had
been all the same an exciting scene to us 

the benson was madly stimulated by the sight of the frankland s superb
body  her long red clitoris  not satisfied with the double rack off with
the count  appeared only to be more excited  and stirred the whole soul
of the adorable benson  she threw herself in reverse upon the frankland
before she had time to raise herself  seized with her mouth the
wonderful clitoris  called upon me to fuck her from behind  and then
with fingers up arsehole and cunt worked furiously  the dear frankland
responded on the fine clitoris of the benson  and postillioned me at the
same time  we ran off two bouts in this delicious position  and then
with more regulated passions rose to form more general combinations 

the count had fucked the egerton while we were engaged above the divine
frankland  our first pose was suggested by the egerton  who had been as
yet less fucked than any  she had been also greatly taken with the
glories of the frankland s superb body  and especially struck with her
extraordinary clitoris  and had taken the curious letch of wishing to
have it in her bottom hole while riding st  george on my big prick  we
all laughed at her odd choice  but agreed at once  especially the
frankland  whose greatest letch was to fuck very fair young women with
her long and capable clitoris  a fairer creature than the lovely egerton
could not be found  the frankland admitted that in her inmost heart she
had longed thus to have the egerton from the moment she had first seen
her  and her delight and surprise at finding the dear egerton had
equally desired to possess her  fired her fierce lust with increased
desire  i lay down  the egerton straddled over  and feeling the delight
of my huge prick when completely imbedded  she spent profusely with only
two rebounds  then sinking on my belly she presented her lovely arse to
the lascivious embraces of the salacious frankland  whose first act was
to stoop  embrace  kiss  and tongue the beautiful little pinky aperture 
wetting it with her saliva  she brought her fine long clitoris  stiff as
a prick  and plunged within  the letch that both had taken for the same
indulgence lent enchantment to the act  and their wild imaginations
created an excess of joy that the smaller size of the frankland s
clitoris  in comparison with the dimensions of our longer pricks  might
not have led one to suppose possible 

twice we indulged in this excess  the women going off half a dozen times
to my once 

i had aided the frankland by using a double dildo  which at once filled
both apertures  this excellent instrument was an invention of the
frankland  which she had suggested to a parisian dildo maker  and had
had it made in two or three sizes  it became very useful in our orgies 
as from disparity of numbers an odd couple were left out  when the
 double jouissance  was in operation  and then the two outsiders  with
tongues and dildoes  could gamahuche with great satisfaction 

during our tribadic junction  with the egerton fucked by the frankland
in the arse  the count had first fucked and then sodomised the benson to
their mutual satisfaction  we all rose  purified  and refreshed with
wine and biscuits  while discussing what our next move should be  the
count had not yet had the frankland  in culo   and suggested  as it was
her introductory meeting  that the greater honours should be conferred
on her on this happy occasion  so i was to fuck her while he enjoyed her
in the rear quarters  the egerton and the benson should use double
dildoes to each other  or in any other way amuse themselves 

this was a most exquisite encounter  and with such unutterable enjoyment
that we hardly paused between the first and second  and it was not until
we had deluged thrice both interiors that we withdrew  the delighted
frankland had never ceased spending  but so vigorous a nature could
easily have taken twice as much  but the other dear creatures had now to
be conciliated 

the count next took the benson in cunt while i blocked the rear
aperture  and the frankland once more enculed the egerton  who dildoed
herself in cunt at the same time  all of us running two courses  we then
rose  purified  and refreshed  when our pricks were ready it was the
egerton who took me in front and the count behind  and the benson  who
had grown lewd on the frankland s clitoris  was sodomised by her and
dildoed by herself  the egerton still suffered a little in the double
stretching  so that we ran but one exquisite bout  enabling us  whose
powers began to fail to be re excited  to finish with the  double
jouissance  in the glorious body of the frankland 

we carried this on until the midsummer holidays  when at their desire i
introduced the benson  egerton  frankland  and the count to my uncle 
aunt  mrs  dale  ellen  and harry  and we had some glorious orgies in my
chambers 

the splendour of my aunt s arse captivated the frankland and the count 
the latter soon got into young dale s arse  which he did one day when
arriving for the very purpose half an hour before the appointed time of
all meeting  i was present  and was so excited at the sight that i
seized upon the count s arse and delightedly astonished him by giving
the double enjoyment 

it was after this  as harry remained to live with me  that he was
introduced to our general orgies  and thus we occupied all the dear
creatures at once  and most voluptuous and lascivious meetings we all
enjoyed  the count occasionally giving us a private visit 

meanwhile ellen had been put to the same finishing school where my
sisters already were  with permission to go out with them on the
sundays  when we always had a delicious orgy at our dear friend
maccallum s  he  like the count  had taken a peculiar fancy for the
tight young arsehole of harry dale  without altogether deserting the
women  especially my sister eliza  whose delight in rear sports was
supreme  and she never would be fucked but when she had a prick in each
aperture  preferring mine in her cunt with either dale or maccallum
operating in the rear 

knowing the hours when i could not be interrupted by any of my lady
friends  i did not neglect the superb nichols  but had her and ann to
come together for an hour and a half  from half past nine to eleven
a m   and most delicious fucking i had with both  i had equally
initiated them into the mysteries of rear delights  and both took it
with great gusto  upon finding this i gradually descanted on the
exquisite delights of the  double jouissance  with two male pricks 
filling with ecstasies indescribable the two apertures at once 

when once i had excited their desires on this point  i mentioned my dear
friend maccallum more  as one in whom we could all confide  and with
some little hesitation obtained their consent to introduce him  i had
already mentioned the matter to him  told him he might think the nichols
too old  but she was gloriously superb in body  and so extraordinarily
well preserved that her body was twenty years younger than her face and
her lust and fucking powers were far superior to a woman of twenty five 
besides  i hinted that he might persuade ann  and perhaps her sister
jane  to join our lyon s inn revels 

we met by appointment on a given morning  i advised maccallum to come
sooner  and when the women came  under the pretence of his not being
able to join us that morning  i would get them stript  and when all was
ready he should appear in buff  and so break any  mauvaise honte  they
might have at first undressing before him 

he was wonderfully struck with the superb body of the nichols  and  as
the stranger  we gave him his choice  he clasped her in his nervous
arms  devoured her with kisses  and incontinently laying her down on the
mattressed floor  proceeded to fuck her in the good old english fashion 
with legs and arms around her body  ann and i gazed for a little on the
splendid action of her aunt s arse  and the evident way in which she
milked the teat as it withdrew each time he heaved his arse to re enter
with exciting vigour  we could hold no longer and each ran a course of
ecstatic delight ending in all the frenzy of lust to die inanimate the
next instant 

our charming partners had spent repeatedly during our encounter  they
wanted an immediate renewal  but maccallum suggested a change of
partners and of position  that is to say  fucking them on their knees
with their splendidly developed buttocks turned up but taking them in
the cunt 

this change was rapidly effected  we placed ourselves in such a position
that each could see all the action of the other  it was a splendid fuck 
and as our edge was taken off we drew it out a considerable length 
giving the dear recipients the opportunity of spending four or five
times to our once 

after recovering from the soaking after joys of this delicious
encounter  we had some champagne and some smutty talk  as well as
outspoken praise of their splendid power of fuck  feeling their cunts
and they our pricks  till renovated and renewed  we arranged for further
action  as it was their introductory lesson in the double enjoyment  the
splendid nichols had  of course  first choice  she chose me for cunt 
and to his intense delight  our dear friend for the rear attack  ann was
to straddle over her aunt and me  and be gamahuched both in cunt and
arsehole by our friend  we had no difficulty in hilting ourselves to the
cods in both apertures  but so excited was the nichols that with the
mere throbbings of our pricks on completely housing ourselves  she
spent  squealing like a rabbit  we gave her time to fully enjoy it  and
then commenced a slow  regulated movement  which quickly drove the
nichols into a state of furiously raving lust  and again she spent in an
almost killing agony of delight  screaming with excess of ecstasy  again
we paused to allow of the utmost enjoyment  but renewed when her
delicious cunt and arse pressures announced a return of craving
appetite  these pauses enabled us to bring on seven overpouring
discharges on her part  until she was quite exhausted  especially when
we both came together in an excess of joy that ended in perfect
inanition  on recovering from which we relieved the nichols of the
double cargo within her 

she had already almost strangled me with her embraces in the unutterable
joys i had procured her  rolling off on her side she drew maccallum also
to her  to embrace him for the intense gratification he had afforded
her  we again refreshed the inward man after a purification and laving
with cold water  as a restorative  then ann took up her position in her
turn  for she  too  wished to try the novel experiment with the smaller
prick in her arsehole 

the nichols felt exhausted for the moment  so lay on the sofa and
enjoyed the sight of our three persons in all the delirium of raging
lust and sodomy  the experiment enchanted ann as it had overpoweringly
enchanted her aunt  she  too  spent seven or eight times before joining
us in our soul killing discharge  the nichols had laid still for about
two thirds of the time this bout continued  she then rose to straddle
across ann and me  and was about to present her magnificently large cunt
to be gamahuched by maccallum  but he begged her to turn her bottom to
him and heave it well up  while resting her hands on ann s shoulders  he
then could first contemplate and handle her huge superb buttocks  then
transferring his hands to her clitoris and cunt  he licked and tongued
the grand aperture of her arse rough  brown  and corrugated  just my
taste 

we had a most glorious bout  ending in all the ecstatic joys of spending
and after delights  ann was as greatly gratified with the  double
jouissance  as her aunt had been before  we again laved and refreshed 
and closed this most delicious orgy with maccallum first in the nichols 
cunt  with my big and doted on prick in her arse  which  now she was
used to it  pleased her more than ever 

in the same order we double fucked ann  although she expressed her
greater gratification of maccallum in her arse and my splitter in her
cunt  again we gamahuched them both  as time would not allow of our
resurrection  then they left us 

my guardian  at his marriage  had bought a house in portland place  but
the lease of its then tenant only expired on the   th march this spring 
and before being occupied it had to be entirely new painted and
decorated  so that july was nearly at an end before they could
comfortably take up their residence in it  meanwhile they had apartments
at a hotel near hyde park corner 

when once they were completely housed  which was not the case until the
middle of august  my guardian desired his wife to send the carriage for
the girls every sunday morning  hearing that ellen was their intimate
friend  she became included in the invitation  this put an end to our
sunday orgies in our friend maccallum s chambers  much to our mutual
regret 

as far as harry and i were concerned the ever thoughtful and delicious
frankland came to our aid  pretending that the girls must need walking
exercise  she always after luncheon proposed they should walk down to
their brother s chambers in the temple  take him and harry as their
further companions up to kensington gardens or the  zoo   and bring all
back to dinner 

as my guardian always took a siesta on sundays after luncheon  for being
too old to fuck his wife every night  saturday night  or rather sunday
morning  when he had nothing in the way of business to trouble him  was
dedicated to two or three hours of extra dalliance with his adored wife 
she told me he was very amorous upon her  could not do much fucking 
indeed  she thought his efforts that way were even more than he ought to
do at his age  but he was never tired of gamahuching her and posing her
in every attitude when stark naked  of course she lent herself to every
wish of the old man  and had  even after great persuasion  which only
her love and attachment to him could have even made her consent  allowed
him the honours of her beautiful arsehole  this requiring  as he said 
an extra firmness of prick  she further did him the extra favour of
toying and sucking his prick up to the utmost stiffness  so she had made
him absolutely adore her  and she could turn him round her little
finger  her word and will was law  so she could do as she liked 

she told me on several occasions that she thought he was exerting his
erotic powers to too great an extent  and that she did all she could to
moderate his excitement  but all to no purpose  he was infatuated with
the glorious charms of her body  or what is called cunt struck  perhaps
the strongest passion that can seize on man and dangerous for a man of
advanced years  well  his sunday afternoon s siesta was long  and left
the frankland at liberty to come to my rooms with my sisters  where
strip was the word  and fucking in every variety followed 

i soon found we must have other help  the pace i was going at was
beginning to tell  so with the consent of the darling frankland i made a
confidant of the count  and asked him to join our sunday s orgy  you may
imagine with what joy he accepted  for apart from his delight in seeing
me in incestuous connection with my sisters  their young charms 
especially eliza s  had great attraction for him  and then the
frankland  so similar in lust and temperament  we had thus most
delicious orgies every sunday afternoon  until the end of october of the
following year  when my sisters had finished their schooling  and i 
too  had left college  entered at the middle temple  and had been for
three months in a conveyancer s office  reading up previous to being
called to the bar 

it was then that mr  nixon s health gave symptoms of serious
disturbance  and his doctor recommended him to pass the winter in a
warmer climate  his wife suggested the advantage travelling would be
both to the girls and myself  she had only to express the wish to have
us all together  and we were warmly invited to join them 

we passed through switzerland  milan  and florence to rome  where we
took up our residence for four months 

the egertons and bensons happily spent the same winter at rome 

my rooms were in an adjoining palace to where mr  and mrs  nixon and my
sisters resided  there not being accommodation for me  i thus had a
charming entresol of five rooms all to myself  one of which looked on
and over the tiber  and was in no way overlooked  to this room we
constantly resorted for orgies 

the egertons had passed some winters in rome  and she had two or three
clerical lovers  and these had introduced two others to the benson on
her former visits  and all had been accustomed to general orgies  you
may imagine the delight of these priestly debauchees when they found
themselves introduced to our circle of three fresh cunts  and such
splendid ones  and all without any mock modest prejudices but up to
every excess of lubricity  so to five women we thus had six men  and
eventually a very handsome young priest  debauched by the others  joined
our party  and we carried on the wildest and most extravagant orgies of
every excess the most raging lust could devise  we made chains of pricks
in arseholes  the women between with dildoes strapped round their waist 
and shoved into the arsehole of the man before them  while his prick was
into the arsehole of the woman in his front 

these holy fathers had immense resources in the way of infinite variety 
stimulating to excesses of debauchery that very soon brought the rod
into requisition 

we all from time to time enjoyed the double coition  the women
invariably so at every meeting 

these holy fathers had all very fine pricks  but none so large as mine 
and many of them loved to have my prick in their arses when opportunity
offered  in such delights the winter passed rapidly away 

in the spring mr  nixon s health seemed very precarious  and we moved to
naples  where from necessity our extreme indulgence in venereal excesses
was much curtailed 

in may we returned to england  but poor mr  nixon was evidently fucked
out  the frankland told me that the more his health failed the more lewd
he seemed to grow  his passion for gamahuching her cunt had increased 
and even his prick seemed to gather new life as life ebbed away  for
hardly a night passed without his fucking her  at night in the cunt  and
at morning  in full daylight  kneeling and feeling her splendid arse  he
took her in the rear aperture  he and she too felt it was killing him 
but his infatuation was overpowering  and he declared if it did kill him
he could not die a happier death  in fact a month after we returned he
had an apoplectic fit actually when his prick was spending in her
arsehole  he lived but a month afterwards  he left all his property to
his wife absolutely  with legacies of        to each of my sisters  and
       to me 

this sad event cast a gloom for some time over all our pleasures 

the frankland took my sisters to reside with her  but all went down to
spend the first three months of mourning quietly with my mother  she 
too  took ill when we were with her  and died before the three months
were up  this drew me down to home  now mine  and the dear frankland
continued to stay with us for two months longer  and then left for
london  we three orphans remained for all that winter in our old home 
settling a variety of things 

my sisters now with their succession to some      apiece  the       
left them by our uncle  and the        by mr  nixon  and the      which
i promised them as a marriage present  and with their great beauty of
form and face  for both had grown into remarkably fine young women 
became very eligible matches 

many country families sought us out after the first three months of our
mourning  and several offers were made to the girls  they were both
somewhat fastidious after the life they had led  but eventually both
were married  mary to a very nice fellow  who proved  as she told me  a
first rate fucker  he got her with child  and they had a son  a fine
boy  in the tenth month of their marriage  she was very happy  now and
then coming to see me  and getting a jolly good fuck from my renovated
prick  for now that he was lying fallow  my somewhat exhausted system
was getting quite recruited 

alas  poor mary lost her husband by cholera in the second year of their
marriage  he had a handsome estate  and left her well off  and sole
guardian to his son  who grew up a very fine fellow  and when at puberty
became the solace of his widowed mother  who had initiated him into all
love s mysteries 

eliza was not quite so fortunate as her sister in her husband  he was a
good sort of man who  one would have thought  would just have suited the
hot temperament of eliza  well and powerfully built  and with an air of
being a man of erotic passions  but he turned out to be of a languid
unimpassioned nature  who could not imagine any other manner than simply
mounting on a woman s belly and fucking her once a night  and with no
conception of using either preliminaries or aids to her passions  so
that he left poor eliza only in a state of excitement instead of giving
any satisfaction to her lascivious nature  she did  eventually  work him
up to good night and good morning  but for her full satisfaction she
used to seek elsewhere  and even to content herself with the embraces of
a man servant  who  if not good looking  proved to have a splendid and
powerful prick  and nearly daily gave her comfort  she also occasionally
came to me  when she had both apertures well exercised  and left me much
comforted 

she never had any children  and so managed her intrigues as never to be
found out 

i returned to london in the spring  and was called to the bar 

i went the western circuit for odd assizes  and then abandoned the bar
as a profession 

harry dale  with more perseverance  as well as greater necessity for
exertion  continued in the profession  was duly called to the bar  and
eventually became a rising and successful barrister  and at this period
of our old age is now a distinguished judge 

but to return to our earlier days 

harry and i carried on our intrigue with the nichols and ann  aided by
our dear friend maccallum  also from time to time with the benson 
egerton  and count  to which generally the darling frankland brought her
exquisite charms to intoxicate us with pleasure 

this delightful reunion was sadly affected by the loss of the count  who
received an amnesty i think i before have said he was a political
exile returned to his own country  and we never again had his delightful
aid in our sadly shortened orgies 

the count and i met in a future year at his old castle on the hills of
pied  of which i shall have much more to say on a later occasion 

it was a sad loss  especially for the egerton  who dearly loved the
count  he had been her first lover  indeed  her initiator in the real
mysteries of venus  it will be remembered that her husband was one of
those old insensible natures that think it is only necessary to hastily
 piss their tallow   as falstaff says  as quickly as they can  and leave
a poor woman just sufficiently excited to be madly anxious for a
thorough good fucking  it is these insensate cold blooded husbands who
raise  without satisfying  their wife s erotic passions  and drive them
perforce to seek salacious comfort in other arms 

oh  how many women if only fucked with some regard to their own
naturally lewd feeling  would have never committed adultery or made a
scandal  many are the women who have told me  with tears in their eyes 
of the cold insensible conduct of their husbands  who  never fucking
them but when their sluggish natures felt the want  then turning upon
them without the slightest preparatory handling or embracing  mount 
shove it in  give a few in and out movements  spend  and then withdraw 
just as they have done enough to excite their poor wives  passions
without satisfying them  and thus leaving them a prey to inordinate
longing that forces them to seek the relief to their passions the
selfish brutes of husbands had only raised without allaying 

i remember an intrigue i had with an italian countess  her husband  a
tall and very capable man  was an extreme bigot  who thought it deadly
sin to indulge in any caresses or carnal excitement  or even for his
wife to expose any naked flesh to raise concupiscent ideas  so she had
to have her nightgown closed up to her throat  with long sleeves and
skirts  in the centre a slit through which he performed his duty when in
want of relief to himself  he never kissed or embraced her body at any
time  but lay like a log by her side  with his back turned to her  when
his own passions prompted him to fuck  which was very seldom  he was
naturally quite ready and rapidly finished his coup  he used to turn to
her  waken her up with a shake  cry out    marietta  porgemi il vaso
generative    marietta  reach me the generative vase   upon which she
stretched herself on her back  he got on her without lifting her
petticoats or feeling her cunt  but opening the slit  pointed his prick
to her cunt  thrust it up to the hilt  and being himself in want of
spermatic relief  in a very few strokes spent  just staying in long
enough to  piss all his tallow   and then withdraw  turning his back
again to sleep  leaving his wife just sufficiently excited to have
enjoyed it  and thus left her madly longing for the satisfaction he did
not afford  she said he was quite capable  too  of giving satisfaction
if his bigotry had allowed him  we used to fuck at a tremendous rate 
and i always commenced with a   marietta  marietta  porgemi il vaso
generative    and then proceeded to fuck and laugh like mad 

of course  irritated as her hot passions were by her booby of a husband 
she resorted  not only to me  but to whomsoever she could get to satisfy
the cravings of her irritated cunt 

the bensons and egertons again left in the autumn for rome 

the frankland  not yet out of her year s widowhood  did not go much into
society  and we saw much more of her than before  she came at least
three times a week to my chambers  when harry and i gave her the comfort
she so much required  first each fucking her singly twice over  and then
three double pleasure fucks  with change about in the apertures 
finishing off with a mouth fuck from one or the other  and a double
gamahuche 

about once a week the amorous and delicious fucking nichols with ann
would come of a morning  when we managed to send both away satisfied for
the day 

when winter drove our friend maccallum home from his fishing  we renewed
some excellent orgies at his chambers  where ann  and afterwards jane 
occasionally came  by the way  jane s arse had developed in an
extraordinary manner  and became one of the most exciting delights of
our orgies at maccallum s  he also now joined in our morning encounters
with the nichols and her niece 

at christmas time the frankland  harry  and i all went down by
invitation to the rectory  where uncle welcomed with great delight the
glorious and exciting frankland  mrs  dale and ellen joined our party 
dear aunt positively devoured me with her caresses  and before i was
shown up to my room  had drawn me into her little room downstairs  had a
suck at my prick  leant her body on the table  stuck out her immense
arse  and had me into her cunt for a rapid rack off  but this only
excited me to an immediate renewal  for the touch and sight of her
splendid buttocks instantly produced a stiffness  she herself in the
middle of my movements in front  drawing my prick out of her cunt and
guiding it into the inviting entrance to the secret altar of juno and of
venus callipyge  both courses were run off at a gallop  and were a
momentary allaying of the insatiable salacity of my most lewd and
lascivious aunt  she then next conducted the frankland  i can never call
her nixon  into her bedroom  under pretence of showing her to it  she no
sooner had her there than up went her petticoats  and aunt glued her
lips to the wonderful clitoris of the divine frankland  and using
fingers up both apertures  made the frankland quickly give down her
first offering to the obscene god 

as soon as aunt s tribadic rage to possess the frankland was thus abated
for the moment  she allowed mrs  nixon to remove bonnet and shawl  but
then as quickly demanded and obtained a double gamahuche  the frankland
the more readily consenting as she knew aunt had taken the keen edge off
my lecherous appetite  and she would revel in the thick raging sperm i
had shot into both orifices  these preliminaries settled  we were able
to be much more tranquil all the afternoon 

the dale and ellen came to dinner  i slipt into their room when all were
dressing for dinner  and had a delicious rack off in both their
lecherous and longing cunts  uncle had equally enjoyed the tight
favourite arsehole of harry dale  he having conducted him to the
well known summer house for that purpose as soon as we arrived 

we could all thus peaceably enjoy the good things set before us  and
during our wine after dinner exchange accounts of all events that had
passed since last we met  and they were varied  for mr  nixon s death
and legacies to my sisters and myself were subjects of congratulation 
while the death of my mother was  on the contrary  one of condolence and
sympathy 

by ten o clock we all broke up  but with the whispered request to all to
repair to aunt s bedroom half an hour after the household had retired 
we were all too interested in the delicious orgy there to take place to
fail  blazing fires in both that and the adjoining room had been kept up
all the afternoon  plenty of lights were burning so as to illuminate all
sides at once  we all met in mere night wrappers  and as soon as we were
assembled and the word given  off   they were thrown aside  and we all
stood in nature s lovely nakedness  aunt  in her eager and lascivious
inspirations  flung herself on my naked body  drew me to the bed  and
had me into her longing and delicious cunt at once  and with legs and
arms thrown round me  was instantly pressing furiously forward 
notwithstanding the remonstrance of my uncle  who wished to arrange a
general plan of operations so as to include all at once  aunt s
voluptuous eagerness produced a rapid discharge on her part  seeing
this  while she was in the momentary ecstasy of spending  he was enabled
to drag me from her arms  fortunately before i had weakened my powers by
spending for a fourth time that day  aunt  too  was now in a condition
to listen to reason  and bring her ideas of our after combinations into
play 

as we had brought the count with us for a week s stay  we were just four
cocks to four hens  so we could couple in the first instance on an exact
equality  it being necessary by previous good fucking to bring the
women s passions up to a boiling heat of lust to make them enter into
our greater excesses with all the wild energy of the most salacious
lubricity  aunt had taken a great fancy to the count when up at
midsummer 

uncle was most lecherous on the glorious frankland  i took most readily
to the luscious and lascivious dale  who was equally eager to repossess
the prick which she firmly believed she had initiated into all the joys
of cunt  and a most delicious fuck we had  she spending furiously and
frequently to my once 

harry was equally pleased to pair off with his loved cousin  whose
maidenhead he had undoubtedly taken 

the women would gladly have had each fucker run a second course without
drawing  but both aunt and uncle opposed this  as both more exhausting
and less variety  so aunt chose me  uncle took the exciting young cunt
of ellen  harry turned on to his mother s cunt  from whence he had
originally come into the world  and the count got the glorious
frankland  of whom he was never tired  this course was more prolonged by
the men than the first  with the object of somewhat allaying the
insatiable lust of the women by making them spend infinitely oftener
than their fuckers 

we so managed matters that we all came together or nearly so  and the
women followed suit at the last final crisis  which was ushered in with
wild cries of lust  and then a sudden overpowering silence fell on all
as they lay panting in all the after joys that follow the ecstatic
discharge of life s essence 

we rose for a general embrace of our naked bodies  then a romp  and a
mutual slapping of arses and seizing of pricks and cunts  a very
exciting game  which soon brought evidences of renewed vigour in all
except poor uncle  who required a longer pause and an extra excitement
before he could indulge in a third encounter 

the count took the delicious arsehole of the frankland  who begged for
me as her fucker  aunt got mrs  dale under for a double gamahuche  while
harry crammed his prick up aunt s arse  uncle enjoyed a delicious
gamahuche with ellen  who sucked his limp prick all the time without any
success 

this was a delicious bout for us all  and ended in heavenly raptures 

our second double couplings were  myself in my aunt s cunt  which incest
stimulated uncle to a stand  and he took to his wife s arse while her
nephew incestuously fucked her cunt  the count took to the delicious and
most exciting tight cunt of the dale  while her son shoved his prick
into his mother s arse  to her unspeakable satisfaction  ellen and the
frankland amused themselves with tribadic extravagances 

this bout was long drawn out  and afforded inexpressible ecstasies to
all concerned  and after the wild cries and most bawdy oaths that
instantly preceded the final ecstasy  the dead silence and long
after enjoyments were drawn out to a greater length than before  after
which we all rose and purified  and then took refreshment of wine and
cake  while discussing our next arrangement of couples 

uncle had  fortunately for him  managed not to spend in the last bout 
he  therefore  was still capable of entering an arsehole  and he chose
the delicious arse of the frankland to receive this final offering  for
after that he was done for that night  i was below engulphed in the
exquisite cunt of the frankland  the count fucked ellen while harry was
into her behind  aunt and mrs  dale mutually gamahuched and dildoed each
other  this  too  was a long drawn out affair and ended in perfectly
convulsive ecstasies and cries of the wildest sensuality that our most
salacious passions could prompt 

i then took my aunt s arse while the lecherous dale was underneath
gamahuching and dildoing her  and by putting the dale close to the edge
of the bed  the count stood between her legs  which were thrown over his
shoulders  and thus he fucked her  having taken a letch to fuck her
cunt  which was an exquisite one for fucking  her power of nip being
nearly equal to the frankland  and only beaten by aunt s extraordinary
power in that way  we thus formed a group of four enchained in love s
wildest sports together 

the frankland was gamahuched by uncle while having harry s prick in her
arse  ellen acting postillion to harry s arse while frigging herself
with a dildo 

the closing bout of the night was the count into aunt s arse  my prick
into the frankland s arse  harry enjoying an old fashioned fuck with his
mother  and ellen under aunt to dildo and be gamahuched and dildoed by
aunt  we drew this bout out to an interminable length  and lay for
nearly half an hour in the annihilation of the delicious after joys  at
last we rose  purified  and then restoring our exhausted frames with
champagne  embraced and sought well earned sleep in our separate
chambers 

i slept the sleep of the just  and awoke late to find aunt sucking my
stiff standing prick at the very instant it was filling her mouth with a
deluge of creamy spunk  she sucked up to the get all out  and in doing
so brought him up to the scratch again  so jumping out of my low bed i
made her kneel on it  stick out her enormous arse  and licked her
reeking cunt until i could stand it no longer  then bringing my huge
prick i plunged in a single vigorous thrust up to the very top of her
cunt  and made her squeal and spend with that alone  pausing to let her
enjoy it  i recommenced and ran a delicious course in that most
exquisite cunt  and would have done so a second time  after a pause of
ecstasy  if harry dale had not rushed into the room to say that all were
impatiently awaiting me to sit down to breakfast  aunt just stayed to
give a final suck to my prick  and then vanished 

i hastened to wash and dress  having sent harry off to beg they would
not wait for me 

on joining them the sly jokes they cut at my apparent laziness proved
that they knew of the cause of detention  i looked at dear aunt  and at
once saw by the air of gratification on her dear plump face  that she
herself had been boasting of her exploit  for it was all her own doing 

being sunday  we all went decorously to church  the doctor gave us a
very unctuous sermon on the goodness of virtue and chastity  it was a
really fine sermon  and delivered with an unction that forbade the
possibility of supposing that the preacher could be in reality the very
reverse of his doctrine  it much pleased some of the country families 
and one or two with their wives waited for the doctor leaving the
church  to compliment him on his eloquence and admirable teaching  the
flattered doctor ended by inviting two rather distant residents to
luncheon at the rectory  so that we formed a numerous party  all on our
best behaviour  it was quite edifying to hear the pious and virtuous
remarks of the admirable frankland  and the no less virtuous and correct
dale  it gained them the entree into the exclusive set of both these
high country families  and eventually led to an excellent marriage for
the dear little ellen  so much for the success of dissimulation  vice
playing the part of virtue  and succeeding to perfection  so goes the
world  one thing is certain  that on this occasion it enforced chastity 
in one sense at least  that we had no opportunity of practising vice
that afternoon  the charming frankland nixon made a great impression on
the wives as well as husbands  to be sure it was well known that she was
a very wealthy widow  and they may have had some design of securing her
for a son  nephew  or at least having the chance at it  she thanked them
with that grace and charming ease of manner which so distinguished her
and made her so captivating  excusing herself from visiting  during the
first year of her widowhood  anywhere but among family friends  and as
her late husband was charles roberts s and his sisters  guardian  she
considered his family as almost her own  they hoped to have the pleasure
of seeing her some future day 

the whole visit passed off very pleasantly  and left us only an hour for
a stroll in the garden and time to dress for dinner  it will be
recollected that the doctor was a great exacter of full evening dress at
dinner  as tending to keep up proper appearances 

we met at the accustomed hour at night in aunt s room  in the full dress
of adam and eve before they munched the apple 

this night was dedicated chiefly to sacrifices to venus apostrophia  for
the doctor commenced by having the count while he was fucking his wife 
and when able to get his fine old cock in for another go  would only
again have it in my arse  while i was doing the same to aunt s glorious
immensity with the count below fucking her 

that was the end of poor uncle s powers for that night  but he
gamahuched all the women at the finish of their encounters with us three
men  we gave them all the  double jouissance   while those unoccupied
carried on their own little game with tongue or dildo 

it was again a night of most exquisite enjoyment 

the following and remaining nights of our visit brought into requisition
the rod before uncle could get his dear old prick to stand  and myself
tailed off on the next sunday night  the last of our visit  so that
uncle seeing what he called the laziness of my prick  seized the rod 
and gave me as sound a flogging as ever he had done in my schoolboy
days  the fact was that he had been longing to renew on my arse his
letch for giving a really severe whipping  he had already by dint of the
same punishment fucked the arses of the count and the divine frankland 
and was now so excited anew that his prick stood as stiff as ever it
did  and my red excoriated arse excited and renewed his very fine prick 
but first i insisted upon moving to aunt s arse  who at the moment was
having a last fuck from the count  and this incestuous group closed our
orgies on this occasion  for we left for town the next day 

after breakfast in the morning i slipt into the dale s room  and had a
parting fuck both with her and ellen  harry came in while we were at
work  ellen under the dale gamahuching her  and i above administering a
rear adieu  harry stopped us for a moment until he could withdraw ellen
and take her place  that he might have a parting fuck with his loved
mother  who thus had the two pricks she most loved in the world into her
together  we drew our pleasure out to the utmost length our lust would
allow of and spent in the most ecstatic joy that poor human nature could
support 

aunt had gone to the count s bedroom at the very time we were meeting in
mrs  dale s  notwithstanding which  her insatiable cunt made her draw me
into her sanctum downstairs for a final fuck at the last moment of our
parting 

harry dale staying behind to pass a week at home with his mother  the
adorable frankland  the count and i returned to town together  on the
journey up we agreed to dine at very s in regent street  and have a
comparatively quiet night all together at my chambers  which we did 
luxuriating in having the glorious naked body of the delicious frankland
between us  after we had each bedewed both her front and rear orifices
with our life s balmy essence  we slept soundly till morning  when we
renewed our double offerings on those glorious and delicious altars 
then breakfasted 

this was the last occasion but one of our having the count  whose time
for departure to his own country was drawing near 

he left that day on a visit to a family in scotland  whose son and heir
was really the fruit of his loins 

on his return some fortnight later we again passed a night with our
exquisite friend the frankland  and being both fresh from the country 
we administered so many delicious coups to both apertures as quite
contented her salacious love of prick  we parted next day with our loved
friend the count  but not for the last time  as i shall relate in its
proper place a delightful visit we paid to him in his old ancestral
castle  and an after rencontre with him and his sister in turin 

i saw my loved frankland to her home and left town myself the same
afternoon for my home in the country  to arrange for various repairs and
alterations required on the property 

i took my dear friend maccallum with me  we spent a pleasant ten days 
varied with a visit first from one of my sisters and then from the
other  for two nights each  and jolly nights we spent fucking in every
way 

mary s belly was up  but she declared it only made fucking more
delicious than ever to her  still more with the  double jouissance   in
which she preferred the smaller prick of maccallum to mine in her arse 

when eliza came she stayed a third night  and taxed our powers to the
utmost  she was such a glutton for fuck on this occasion  declaring that
her husband s want of power  as well as tact  left her more lewd after
his fucking her than she was before  so that she had been forced by the
excess of her unsatisfied lust produced by her husband to have recourse
to the fine prick of her footman  a powerful young fellow  otherwise
very plain  and not likely to inspire jealousy to any husband  but with
whom she rarely could do more than get a rack off in a hurry  which was
far from satisfaction sufficient for her hot passions  it was this that
made her revel with such insatiable desires in the possession of our
almost untiring pricks  differing from mary in her love of rear fucking 
it was my big prick she loved best to have in her arse  while
maccallum s lesser shaft satisfied her less exacting cunt  she was
certainly one of the lewdest creatures ever made  wildly lascivious and
full of variety  she had the most engaging ways with her  and could
raise a prick from the dead  she was a worthy pupil of the frankland 
and had all the love and longing for prick  and cunt too  that our
deliciously insatiable aunt was so famous for  she grew older  and
becoming one of the most desirable women  i never tired of fucking her
in both orifices whenever the opportunity presented itself 

i returned to town just in time to have a parting orgy with the count
and the frankland in my chambers  which i before said was a night of the
wildest orgies 

maccallum was called to the country by the illness of some of his
family  and was absent for six months  so i was left with harry to have
occasional orgies together with the frankland three times a week  and
with the nichols and ann or jane once a week by way of variety  but as
they only came for a morning visit  these were not exhausting
encounters  so that we lay comparatively in fallow  till the return of
the benson and egerton  when they and the lovely frankland taxed us to
the utmost twice or thrice a week 

thus time progressed  the frankland had been a widow for nearly two
years when she proposed to travel for two or three years without
returning in the interval to england  she wished me to accompany her 
and made a most surprising and unexpected proposition to me 

she said   charlie  my own darling  i love you more dearly than ever  it
is true i am considerably older than you  but you are now twenty five
years of age  and  therefore  a full grown man  i wish to endow you with
all my great wealth  and i offer you my hand in marriage  do not suppose
i want to monopolize this dear prick    we were in bed naked  and had
just concluded a most exquisite fuck    no  with our love of variety we
will still seek it out  but as husband and wife we can do so with
perfect ease and safety  whereas if not married and travelling together
we should be compromised at every city we stop at  what say you  my
darling charlie   here she threw herself on my bosom with loving eyes
upraised to mine 

 say  beloved of my soul  why  look how the very idea has raised my
prick to instant life  if anything in the world could delight me more
than another it is your generous noble offer  to dedicate my life to the
woman i love more than any other is a joy greater than i can express  i
thank you from my soul  adorable creature as you are  oh  come to my
arms as my future wife and let us revel in the glorious idea  

such was the way in which this happiness was conferred on me  which
endured for long years  although  alas  my widowed heart now all
hopelessly ever regrets that most lovable of women and best of wives 
oh  what happiness it was as long as i possessed her 

we were married in a few days after this by special license 

the benson and the egerton were present and harry dale was my best man 
we adjourned to her house  now ours  to breakfast  they also stayed to
dinner and slept at our house  that we might celebrate our marriage with
a parting orgy  for we announced to our friends that in marrying  so far
from renouncing our orgies  we meant our union to promote ever varying
ones  and that on our return we would renew the exquisite ones we had so
often enjoyed with them 

harry and i did all we could on that happy occasion to satisfy three of
the finest women in the world  whose delicious power of fucking was
never surpassed and rarely equalled 

oh  we had such a delicious night  as to the women  their amorous
gamahuching of each other was ever renewed  and was most exciting to
see 

after breakfast that morning they stopped to see us off  and threw old
slippers after us for luck 

we posted down to aunt s for a day and a night on our way to the
continent 

they were  of course  delighted with my marriage as bringing great
wealth into the family  indeed  my darling presented aunt with a cheque
for       

mrs  dale and ellen came over  and we had another delicious night s
orgy  in which all exerted themselves to the utmost 

we parted from dear aunt and uncle  mrs  dale and ellen  after luncheon 
and posted down to dover  slept at birmingham s hotel  where we had our
real first night s fucking all to ourselves  enjoyed it in moderation
but in every endearment that two lovers could devise 

we crossed to calais next day 

the sea was smooth at first  but we found it after passing the foreland
very rough  my dear wife suffered severely  fortunately i myself never
felt better  and was thus able to devote every attention to the dear
sufferer  it left her even after we landed with nausea and a severe
headache  so that night at devaux s hotel we slept each in one of the
separate beds in the same room  as is usual in french hotels  and indeed
in continental hotels in general 

my darling wife was far from feeling well next morning  but fancied that
posting on to abbeville would rather tend to recovery than otherwise  we
accomplished this easily between breakfast and dinner  found a very
comfortable hotel with very fair cooking and excellent wines  my wife
enjoyed her dinner  and felt something like herself after it  we slept
together by bringing the two beds side by side  but only took a single
fuck before sleeping  and next morning a double one 

we spent the day at abbeville  wandering through its quaint streets and
seeing its fine unfinished cathedral  the following day we posted to
amiens  visiting its very beautiful cathedral  posted the following day
to beauvais  again slept  passed next day there  and on the following
day posted up to paris  and drove to meurice s hotel in the rue de
rivoli 

we had previously written for a set of rooms  au premier   overlooking
the tuileries gardens  with orders to have dinner ready at a given hour 
we arrived just in time to change our travelling costume and to sit down
to a luxurious dinner  here  as we had ordered  our bedroom contained a
proper large bed for both to sleep in  this hotel being much used by the
english was furnished with french taste but english comfort 

the dilatory manner of our journey  the agreeable breaks we had made at
different interesting towns had quite restored my beloved wife to all
her accustomed health  energy  and lubricity  the comfort of the bed 
the stimulating cheer  and the excellent wine also nerved me to meet her
utmost lasciviousness  and we had a night such as we used to have when i
first had her in my mother s spare bedroom 

we recalled those happy days  and revelled in every lascivious act of
the hottest lust  my adored wife excelled herself  and i myself was
fully up to the mark  we fucked ourselves to sleep  with prick left
soaking in her deliciously tightest of cunts  so that on awaking in full
daylight i found my cock stiff standing in her cunt  which was giving it
most delicious pressures  quite involuntarily  for the darling was not
yet awake  i roused her by gentle movements  and the frigging of her
long delicious clitoris  so that she awoke to joys of which we never
tired  on this occasion natural wants compelled a temporary withdrawal
to relieve our distended bladders  we found that it was already past ten
o clock  so she smacked my bare bottom and sent me off to my dressing
room  that both might get ready for breakfast  for which our appetites
were already craving  i slipt on a dressing gown  went into our sitting
room  rang for a waiter  and ordered breakfast to be got ready
immediately  so that by the time we were dressed it was on the table all
smoking hot  and we sat down and did full justice to it 

we spent several days in visiting the wonders of paris 

i had heard of a famous bawd residing at no      rue richelieu  and
another  madame leriche  in the rue de marc  where they had rooms  from
which  through cleverly arranged peepholes  any operation in the next
room could be distinctly seen 

madame leriche s girls were instructed to get the finest men they could
see in the street  to bring them in  and there to pretend to be so
struck with their beauty that they would not be content without having
them quite naked  stripping themselves also  when quite naked they
caressed their pricks  waltzed round the room  taking care to stop
exactly opposite each hidden opening  and there caress  handle  and show
the standing prick to any looker on  eventually fucking in such a
position as all peepers could fully see and enjoy 

the fun of the thing was the perfect unconsciousness of the men as to
the purpose of all these gyrations  they took it proudly as a homage to
their virility  and the power of their charms over their new conquest 
and were doubly lustful in consequence  little imagining it was all a
well acted scene  got up for an exhibition to please others  and show
all their virile gifts  sometimes both man and girl were very
attractive  and i used to fuck my loved florence while in the act of
peeping 

the place where we sat to see was a small narrow room  with just space
for a couch on one side and two chairs at the end  next to each
peephole  three other similar narrow rooms looked into the same
operating room 

one day we had an exciting fuck from the exhibition of a very fine man
fucking his girl with a splendid prick  we were kneeling on the couch
with my prick soaking in the quietude of the after joy  we heard a
scuffling with suppressed bawdy exclamations on the other side of the
thin partition next to us  we  too  had made use of bawdiness  i had
whispered to florence how deliciously tight her hairy cunt was  and how
splendidly her enormous arse moved below my eyes as i fucked her 

we now discovered that the couple next to us had overheard us  for we
could just hear her ask if her arse s movement and size pleased him as
much as their neighbour s seemed to have done 

 oh  yes  my angel  you wriggle your immense arse to perfection  and
your cunt is almost too tight  

 then fuck on with your splendid prick as hard as our neighbours were at
it   a happy thought seized me  i put my finger to my lip to give the
hint to florence  slipped out into the passage and peeped through the
keyhole  which commanded the whole of the narrow room  i beheld a
handsome man fucking a superbly stout woman  kneeling with her head down
low  but towards the door  her arse uncovered and held aloft was a
remarkably fine one  wriggling indeed to perfection 

i slipped back  described it to my dear wife  and suggested our speaking
to them through the partition as soon as they were done  to avow that we
had heard all their goings on  as they had ours  and to propose that we
should form a  partie carr e  

florence jumped at the idea  just as their sighs and shaking of their
couch against the partition announced the grand final crisis 

we allowed them some minutes for the after satisfaction  we then heard
the lady beg him to do it again as she felt his cock was stiffening
within her cunt 

 no wonder   said he   when your delicious tight cunt is giving me such
exquisite pressures  

we thought this a happy moment  as they were both in a state of
lasciviousness  so tapping at the partition  and raising my voice just
sufficient to be clearly heard  i said 

 you have been following our example  and seem as lustful as we are 
suppose we join parties and exchange partners  i am sure you must be two
desirable persons  and you will find us worth knowing  it will be a
novelty exciting to all  and will lead or not  as it may be  to a
further acquaintance or just a momentary caprice  what say you  

a pause and a whisper was followed by 

  eh  bien  nous acceptons   

 come to us  for i am half undressed   cried the gentleman 

we rose and went in unto them  even in a biblical sense  my slight peep
had given me an idea of two handsome persons  but a full view proved
them to be eminently so  he was still up to the hilt from behind  she
lifted her head to look at us on entering  but left her splendid arse
exposed  and did not for the moment alter her position  we handled and
pressed it  the gentleman feeling my wife s arse cried out to his
dearie 

 here s an arse equal to yours  

meanwhile  as i stood by her side feeling hers  she slipped her hand
into my flap  and in answer to his exclamation  said 

 there s a prick bigger than yours  oh  i see we shall all be
delighted  

she rose and pulled out my standing prick to show it to her husband  for
like us they turned out to be a most salacious couple of married people 

my wife laid hold of the husband s prick  and declared it to be a very
fine one  and a delicious variety which was always charming 

i proposed  as the room and couch could only accommodate one couple 
that i should take his wife into our room  and leave mine with him  and
as the two couches were close to the partition between  we could excite
each other by our mutual sighs and bawdy exclamations  this was at once
agreed to 

we all of us stripped to the buff  my new companion was magnificently
made very much of my aunt s figure  with a splendid arse  although not
so enormously developed as dear aunt s  her cunt was delicious  a grand
mons veneris  sweetly haired with silky curls  her pouting cunt had the
true odour  and was very tight  and her pressures and action left
nothing to desire 

i gamahuched her first her clitoris was well defined and stiff  her
bubbies were superb  and stood firmly apart  face charming with lovely
and lovable blue eyes  full of the sparkle of lust  lips red and moist 
inviting a tongue 

we indulged in delicious preliminaries  she had a good look at my prick 
declared she had thought her husband s could not be beaten  but admitted
mine was longer and larger  she sucked its head  then lying back on the
couch she begged me to mount on her belly  as she liked to commence in
that pose  i mounted upon her  got my prick gradually up to the crushing
of the two hairs  and then alternately tongueing her sweet mouth or
sucking a nipple of her lovely bosom  ran a most delicious course 
making her spend thrice to my once 

our other equally occupied couple had evidently got a course ahead of
us  and were changing into the position in which we had first fucked our
wives 

we  too  followed in the same attitude  and really the fine arse of my
 fouteuse   her naturally small waist  seen to perfection in this
position  and her noble shoulders beyond could hardly be excelled  and
were most inviting and inciting  i plunged with one fierce thrust up her
reeking cunt  and by the very violence of my attack made her spend on
finding it up to the cods  giving me at the same time a cunt pressure
almost equal to my loved wife s 

she was so delightful a fucker that i fucked her thrice more before
drawing out of that exquisite receptacle 

on comparing notes afterwards i learnt that my wife s fucker had just
done as much  and though not so cunt satisfying a prick as mine  the
variety and novelty gave it an extra charm that more than made up for
any diminution of size 

we were thus all mutually delighted with our change of partners  an
acquaintance begun so delightfully led to a warm friendship and a
constant interchange of these most agreeable refinements  including
every variety of the gamahuche and  la double jouissance  to all
parties 

we all went together to witness some rear operations between two men 
for which the old bawd s house  no      rue de rivoli  was quietly known
to be the rendezvous  i made a first visit alone to see if it would be
worth our while  had an interview with the old bawd  a bold masculine
woman of a certain age  who must have been very desirable in her younger
years  for even now many who frequented her house finished off in her
fully developed charms  her habit being  as i was told  to come in to
the man after one of the girls had left him to purify herself  and
herself to lave his prick from mere love and excitement of handling a
prick  and from long practice she had an art of doing it in a way to
raise another perpendicular  which led to its being allayed in the
full blown charms of the bawd herself 

i was shown into her sanctum  and there i told her that i knew she could
arrange an exhibition of sodomy  i said that i only wanted to see the
operation  as it appeared to me impossible  and i should like the two
fellows to be well hung and good looking  if such she could procure 

 i have the very thing for you under my hand if you care to wait a
quarter of an hour  

as that exactly suited my purpose i said i would 

she rose  rang the bell  and when a tap came to the door  went out and
gave some orders  when she came back she said to me   i have some very
fine girls  all entirely without prejudices  would you like to have one
up  i have them of all ages  from twelve to twenty five  and also one or
two handsome boys to have in company with them  to excite the slower
powers of elderly men or those who like such additions  

i thanked her  but told her my only object at present was to see an
actual scene of sodomy  so to occupy me she opened a small cupboard  and
took out some bawdy books  admirably illustrated  the examination of
these was exciting  her experienced eye detected the effect in the
distention of my trousers  the extent of which seemed so to astonish her
that she laid her hand upon it  gave an exclamation of surprise at its
size  and said she must see so noble a prick  unbuttoned my trousers 
and pulled it out  she handled it charmingly and looked so lewd that i
don t know what might have happened  for i had already slipped a hand up
to an enormous big and hard arse  when a tap came to the door  and a
voice announced simply that all was ready  this at once recalled me to
myself  although the bawd would willingly have made me before adjourning
to the other room 

she said   what a pity not to let me have this magnificent prick into
me  i wish the fellows had not come so soon  i am certain i could have
got it if we had not been interrupted  and i can tell you you would have
found me as good a fuck yet as the finest young woman you could meet
with  

i laughed  and to quiet her  said   we may have that another time  for
you are a very fine and desirable woman   with this placebo she rose and
accompanied me to the room where the two men awaited us  they were two
tall  good looking young men  evidently  gar ons de caf s   a class much
addicted to this letch  and acting as paid minions to those wanting
them 

they naturally concluded that such was my object  they were already
stript  and both their very fair pricks were nearly at full stand  they
each turned themselves round  and asked which arse i wished to operate
on  and which prick was to operate upon me 

the old bawd  whose interest it was to induce me to have them  handled
their pricks with great gusto  and pointed out the firmness and
attractiveness of their arses  bid me feel how hard they were  as well
as the stiffness of their pricks and the rough crispness of their
ballocks 

i felt them  and would gladly have had them both  but i knew they had an
infamous habit of  chantage   that is of denouncing to their gang
well to do men who were got within their meshes  and go where he would
in europe he was sure to be waited on and money screwed out of him by
threatening to denounce his practices  so shaking my head and refusing
to let the old bawd pull out my prick  which might then have become too
unruly  i firmly told her she knew i only came there to see what the
operation was like  and had no idea of having my own person handled by
them 

a mutual glance of disappointment was exchanged between the bawd and
them  but they put themselves at my disposal  and asked which was to be
the recipient and which the operator  i pointed out the largest prick as
the operator  they drew a sofa into the best light  and one knelt on it 
presenting a very tempting arsehole to his fellow minion  after
moistening it and spitting on it  the old bawd  with apparent relish 
guided the prick of the other to the aperture  and it glided with all
ease into the well accustomed receptacle 

i was seated by their side with my eyes on a level and close to the
point of junction  a very exciting scene  for he went up to his cods 
and fucked right earnestly while the recipient wriggled his arse to
perfection  and seemed really to enjoy it  they spent with cries of joy
in great delight  it excited me very much  and the observant old bawd
could see my prick bounding within the confinement of my trousers 

hoping to overcome my reluctance to take part in the programme  she
stimulated them to change places  and the recipient became the operator 
and the other the recipient  i was awfully lewd  but resisted even that 
after they had done i gave them a napoleon apiece in excess of the price
paid to the bawd  and left them to dress  and retired with the bawd to
make other arrangements 

on shutting the door and entering the corridor i perceived at once some
doors opening upon small rooms adjoining the operating room  i guessed
their destination  on attempting to open one the bawd seized my arm in
great alarm  and said 

 you must not go there  

i smiled and said   oh  i understand  come along  

when once more in her sanctum i said   i see you have had peepers
watching the operations  so it is well i resisted any complicity in the
action  but the discovery that you have the peepholes already simplifies
my object  i have come here to report upon the effect of this scene of
sodomy  a friend who dares not do as much requires such a stimulant to
enable him to fuck a woman he much desires to have  and who is my
mistress  now it so happens i want very much to fuck his mistress  and
we have made a compact that if this scene is likely to excite him  we
are to come to your peepholes  and while he is thus enabled to fuck my
woman i shall fuck his  i am thus explicit that you may know our real
object  i suppose that now the witnesses to our operations today have
left  so let me see the rooms that i may judge how far they will suit
and which will most favour our object  

the old bawd complied directly  but still longing to have my big prick
into her  pulled her petticoats up to her navel  showing an enormous
mons veneris  thickly haired  and turning round a still finer arse 
said  would i not like to assuage my excited prick in one or other of
her really splendid attractions 

i said not at present  thank you  and tightening my trousers over it 
showed her that it had quite drooped its head  and was no longer in the
humour 

she undertook to raise it very quickly  but i politely declined  on the
play of want of time  to thoroughly enjoy so splendid a woman 

with a sigh of disappointment  for the size of my prick had evidently
raised her lewdness to fiery zest  she led the way  two or three of the
peeping rooms were too small for four  but one was arranged for a
 partie carr e   i made an arrangement for the second day from then  and
requested  if possible  to have four buggers together  to do it in
various positions  and once at least in a chain of three pricks into the
arses before them at the same time  i paid in advance half of the high
price we were to pay  and fixed the hour of one o clock in the
afternoon  in order to have plenty of daylight to see and thoroughly
enjoy all the excitement 

i left but allowed the old bawd just on going away to take out my prick
and give it a suck by the way of allaying a little the great desire she
had for it  she doubtless expected to raise such a heat as would compel
my passions to satisfy her  but i had now sufficient command of it to
keep it down 

our grand scene of sodomistic encounters took place as arranged  the de
grandvits  as our new friends were called  and ourselves  with a basket
containing two bottles of champagne  biscuits  and glasses  betook
ourselves to no      and were installed in the chosen chamber some five
minutes before the arrival of the sodomites  we saw them undress  slap
each other s arses  and feel each other s pricks to get them in fighting
order 

the old bawd was there and lent an effective helping hand where wanted 
they all declared it would much assist their operations if she would
strip and let them see her flitting round and aiding in their efforts 

she knew herself to be much more attractive in body than face  and
complied directly  and really added much to the excitement of the scene 

they began by coupling in threes  so that one after the other held the
delicious position of middle man be fucked and fucking  the spare fourth
fucking the old bawd  much to her gratification and ours 

the first outsider was now placed in the middle  and the previous
recipient became his attacker in the rear  while the previous
rear fucker became the recipient of the outsider  the late middle man 
instead of fucking the bawd  buggered her to her apparent satisfaction 

this was just what i wanted  for we had not as yet in our  parties
carr es  with the de grandvits indulged even in bottom fucking the
women  but this  as we afterwards found  was equally indulged in private
by them as well as ourselves  now we enjoyed the sight of the old bawd
wriggling in delight with loudly uttered exclamations of pleasure at
having her bottom well fucked  for it was the largest prick of the four
and a very fine one that was into her arse 

we had already racked off in the cunts of each other s wives at the
first display 

 let us try that   whispered my wife to de grandvit   it appears to give
the old woman vast delight  

it was what de grandvit had been longing for in his inward soul  at the
proposition of my adored wife his cock sprung into its utmost stiffness 
she knelt on a chair before a peephole  de grandvit brought his fine
prick  which he had moistened with his spittle  up to her delicious
hairy arsehole and with very little effort housed it to the hilt 

at the whispered wish of my darling florence he did not press to a rapid
conclusion  but drew the fuck out to a most exciting length  and to an
ecstatic ending in which they had great difficulty in suppressing
exclamations of the delight afforded 

i had followed the lead given  the delicious big arsed de grandvit had 
like her husband  a long previous wish to be so fucked  and from
practice of that divine coition had no difficulty in taking in with vast
pleasure my bigger prick 

we both ran two exquisite courses in their delicious arseholes  and
then separated that all might see the grand finale of the four sodomites
each in the arse before him  and the fourth front man into the immense
and magnificent arse of the old bawd  this ended their exhibition 

i should add that all in turn had either fucked or buggered the old bawd
to her infinite gratification both in person and nurse for she claimed
afterwards and received a good additional douceur for the extra sight of
her own fine body  naked and in double action 

when they were dressed she got out the liqueur bottle and gave them all
a dram and a biscuit  we  too  partook of our champagne and biscuits
while discussing the charms of the scenes just witnessed 

my darling wife chimed in with the remark of how much more the middle
man had seemed to enjoy it than the two outsiders 

i added a remark that i had heard that such a position was the  ne plus
ultra  of delight 

 then why should we not try it   said the glorious de grandvit 

 i quite agree with you   said the husband 

 who shall begin   i thought  as the idea of trying it was first
suggested by his wife  she ought to have her own idea first realised in
her magnificent person  i would fuck her while he went into her arse 

this was immediately adopted  i lay down on my back  the delicious de
grandvit mounted on me  rose and fell  and spent before she stooped on
my belly and presented her splendid arse to her impatient husband  who
for some minutes knelt prick in hand behind her  with gentle care and
well moistened prick he got housed at last in his wife s delicious
arsehole  and then slowly at first  but more energetically afterwards 
we ran a most exquisite course 

as no one was now in the adjoining chamber  no restraint was put upon
our lascivious exclamations  the de grandvit was in such a delirium of
ecstasy that she screamed again and died away in absolute annihilation
of all sense but that of the utmost satisfied lust 

my darling wife had straddled across us and been gamahuched deliciously
by de grandvit while  enculant  his wife  we next changed the venue  he
fucked my wife while i plunged into her glorious arse  the de grandvit
straddled across the others  was gamahuched by me as her husband had
gamahuched my wife  this course  too  was run in an ecstasy of enjoyment
to all concerned  and ended our orgy on that occasion  we arranged our
dresses  finished our champagne  called up the old bawd  satisfied her
demands  and thanked her for the exciting scene she had procured us  on
asking her  she admitted that the other peeping rooms had been occupied
by couples  and that one elderly gentleman had had two of her page boys
to operate and be operated upon while the scene before him excited him
to the necessary extent to take a part in it himself  he had just left 
having stayed to listen to our proceedings and had told her the two
gentlemen had in consequence of the scene witnessed initiated the women
into the  double jouissance   and the excitement of listening and
hearing had enabled him once more to get into the handsomest boy  and
have the other in him 

she hinted that we ought to come again  and have the boys in  for she
said the gentlemen  that is ourselves  would find an immense additional
pleasure in letting the boys penetrate their bottoms while they were
into their ladies in both apertures 

we laughed  and said we should consider her offer  but for the present
we were fucked out 

we did not forget the bawd s proposal of having a boy to fuck us while
 enculant  the dear women  a hint to my darling wife brought this out at
our next meeting  after the dear creatures had both enjoyed the  double
jouissance   my wife said to madame de grandvit 

 we are really quite selfish  here are our two loved husbands giving us
the unutterable joys of the double junction  and yet not enjoying it
themselves  you remember how the old woman at no     spoke of the
raptures the addition of her boys would be to the bottoms of our
husbands while administering the double coition to us  why should they
not try the same on themselves  and give us the delight of seeing them
in all the ecstasies their double embrace confers upon us  we know how
they delight in being postillioned  which shows how much they would like
the real thing if they dared avow it  it is for us to break down the
barriers of prejudice and false shame  here  charlie  let me dedicate
your bottom to the lust of our dear friend de grandvit  

my beloved wife was at the moment handling the prick of de grandvit  and
whose full standing stiffness showed he was ready to face any
difficulty 

i pretended a fear of its size being too great to allow of entrance into
that narrow path of bliss without great pain to the recipient 

 you can never know that till you try   cried my darling wife 

in all this she was only acting a part prompted by myself  for i was
most anxious not only to have de grandvit into my own arse  but was
longing to be into his great  coarse  hairy  corrugated deep brown
arsehole  in this i differed greatly from our dear friend maccallum  who
loved the delicate unfledged arseholes of youths  while to me it was
necessary to be the very reverse of the fair sex  whose arseholes in
general are of a delicate pink with puckered up charming little
orifices  which  of course  have their charm  but when with men to me it
was twice as exciting to find them like my dear friend the count s 
quite contrary to those of the fair sex  dark brown  roughly corrugated 
and coarse hairs all round them were the arseholes that raised all my
lust  and made sodomy a delicious contrast to merely fucking the
arseholes of women  such an arsehole as i most loved to fuck was m  de
grandvit s 

i had suggested to my wife to tempt him with mine for the sole object of
getting into his  he bit at the bait  so i shoved my prick into his
wife s arse  my wife conducted his prick into my delighted bottom  i
made some affected grimaces  but of course took him in with the greatest
ease  my darling wife had acted postillion to him  and had frigged his
wife with her other hand  so we ran a delicious course of the wildest
lust 

as we had already served out our wives too many fucks one trial was
sufficient for the moment  de grandvit was in ecstasies at the delight i
had afforded him  especially as he appeared to be revenging the affront
i gave to him by being into his wife  in culo  

my adored wife  with her happy art of handling and exciting a prick 
nonetheless willingly that she was getting it up to go into her own
hungry and delicious arsehole  soon brought de grandvit to the necessary
stiffness 

i wanted no other stimulant than the expected satisfaction of a letch i
had long had to be into his fine  rough  hairy arsehole  as soon as he
was fairly hilted in my adored wife s splendid bottom  his better half
took my prick in hand  put it into her mouth to suck and moisten it  and
then guided it into that narrow abode of bliss i so longed to possess 
it really was the first time de grandvit s arsehole had ever been
penetrated by a prick  although he had long wished for such an
experience  there was therefore some real grimacing  for mine was not a
prick of the ordinary dimensions  that might penetrate any arsehole  but
a prick of the biggest  so i was obliged to be very gentle and make
frequent halts 

my darling wife was obliged to exert all her delicious means of keeping
his fine prick in her arse at full stand by cunt pressures and her
delicate handling of his ballocks  at last i was fully engulphed  and
pausing until all strange feelings had subsided  a gentle movement and
my darling wife s admirable seconding enabled us to end the course in
the wildest ecstasies of the most delicious delight  and to sink on the
broad back of my splendid wife  completely annihilated by the most
exquisite joys of satiated lust 

once this delicious practice had been indulged in  you may be sure it
did not end with a single experience  but as thereafter the  bonne
bouche  or finish of all our after orgies 

my beloved wife  whose eye for a capable man was infallible  had
observed a genteel  tall  good looking young german waiter in the hotel 
who looked superior to his place  he turned out to be the son of a
wealthy hotel proprietor at frankfort  who had sent his son to meurice s
in a sort of apprenticeship  to learn how a large parisian hotel was
managed  in such a situation they receive no wages and have even in
general to pay a premium for the privilege this practice  which is
general with german innkeepers  accounts for the number of
genteel looking waiters that are met with in the large hotels of great
capitals  and who are found to be of superior education and information
when spoken to in a friendly and familiar manner 

this was eminently the case with our friend carl  my wife had taken
rather a fancy to him  not at first erotic  but observing that after she
had talked to him familiarly that he began to be very deferential to her
and with a certain manner that she  with the instinct of a woman  saw at
once arose from amorous admiration  casting her eye downwards she
detected the effect produced in his trousers whenever she was kindly
civil to him  she increased her familiar conversation  which evidently
allayed any fear he might have had  and she could soon see by the
increased bulging out of his trousers  not only that he was growing more
lewd upon her  but that he was evidently very well furnished 

learning that he was the son of a wealthy father  well educated  only
now placed in the position of a servant  in order to know  by obeying 
how to command  and also to gain the experience which large and
well frequented hotels alone could teach how best to conduct his own
hotel hereafter 

she told me all about it  and thought he might be moulded to our
purposes  even if not she had taken a caprice to him so that in any case
it would be a gratification to her to possess him 

so i lent myself to aid her by purposely absenting myself either at
breakfast or luncheon  under pretext of going to take one or the other
with bachelor friends 

as carl was told off to especially attend upon us  and no other servant
ever came near unless rung for  my wife had easy opportunity  and with
her practised skill in seduction  had him into her on the second day 

he proved an admirable stallion  grew passionately lewd on the splendid
person of my wife  and became in fact cunt struck upon her  probably the
strongest bond that can entangle a man  it becomes an infatuation that
makes him the slave of the cunt that has attracted him  there are few
men of hot temperament who have not experienced this overmastering
infatuation  and they know that even supposing the object becomes
perfectly unworthy  unfaithful  abusive  and with every vice indulged
openly before them  they may wince  they may thoroughly despise her  but
the chain holds them fast in adamantine bonds  which neither the
persuasion of friends nor their own knowledge of the perfect
unworthiness of the object can tear asunder 

such became the fate of carl  and my wife moulded him  with all her wily
skill  to our lascivious purposes  when once under her enchantment  i
made a run over to england on some urgent matters purposely leaving the
field open my wife completed her conquest  had had him in every way  had
postillioned him  and wormed out of him that at college he had indulged
in sodomitical practices with young students like himself  but knowing
how prejudicial it would be to him in his profession  he had weaned
himself from the habit with men  but dearly loved the  enculage  with
women  and doubly adored my wife when he found her extraordinary and
exquisite talent in that way  she also  after much apparent hesitation 
in answer to his eager and continual questioning  omitted that her
husband was much addicted to worshipping her bottom  and had taught her
its divine use  she even cautioned him against any imprudence on my
return  for she said she had her suspicions that i had a letch for men 
and if i discovered their liaison  would be apt to avenge myself that
way 

 oh  if he would still allow me to possess your enchanting person he
might make what use he pleased of me  

this was the point aimed at from the beginning  my wife wrote to me  and
we arranged that i should announce my return for a certain morning  and
that she should have carl to sleep with her the previous night 

i arrived in the middle of the night  walked into the room  found him in
bed  played the angry husband  swore i must have revenge  and that as he
had cuckolded me i must avenge the affront in being into his person 

he objected  for form s sake  but said he would yield to anything if i
would not drive him away from the adorable madame 

 that will depend upon the manner in which you satisfy my desires  

 oh  do what you like  dear sir  if only you will allow me to love
madame  

 we shall see  we shall see  let me look at your prick  oh  a good size 
even when down  let me see it at full stand  

my wife here interfered  and said carl was so good that she was sure he
would prove a satisfaction to me  she took his prick in hand  and with
her art of handling a prick  had it at full stand in a minute and asked
me if she could possibly have refused so handsome a prick as that  and 
indeed  it was a very fine one 

carl was a very fair young man  with a most beautiful and satiny skin 
his prick was exquisitely white  and the blue veins showed themselves
coursing through in a most tempting way it was seven and a half inches
long  by quite six in circumference  was thick up to the vermilion nut 
although gently diminishing from the roots  the glans was smaller than
the shaft close up to it  a hollow  like what you sometimes see in the
neck of a bottle  ran all round the edge of the nut  and thus made it a
head to the shaft  my wife declared that its shape gave her great
pleasure in both orifices  it certainly was a very attractive prick  and
now that it was at full stand i made him lie on his back on the bed 
took it in my mouth  sucked and frigged it until he spent in an agony of
delight 

i then made him turn over on his belly  that i might admire his
ivory like buttocks  which i caressed and kissed in every way  my wife
slipping her hand under his belly soon recovered the stiffness of his
prick  i now desired him to kneel that i might be into his bottom 

his exquisitely white buttocks  marble like in polish  hardness  and
coldness to the touch  were most attractive to women as well as to me 

while thus kneeling with head low  and the chink between the buttocks
well spread open  his exquisite small  pink  corrugated arsehole with
almost invisible fair  short ringlets around it was truly lovely and
exciting 

as a rule  i like to fuck a rough  hairy arsed man  but i can all the
same appreciate the delight in such an exquisite arsehole as carl
possessed  to me also it had the attraction of its first possession 
when thus first fully displayed to my delighted eye  i flung myself on
my knees  kissed and tongued the exquisite and delicious orifice  and
speedily got furiously lewd upon it  and rarely have i fucked an arse
more deliciously incentive to sodomy 

 oh  poor fellow   cried my wife   you must let this fine object  his
prick  be housed in me first  and then he will less feel the
introduction of your large instrument  

i immediately consented  on which he cried out in delight 

 oh do what you like with me  as long as your adorable lady will permit
me to possess her  

 well   said i   see  her cunt is reeking with your spunk  so i will
first bathe my prick therein  to make it go easier into your arse  

we took up kneeling positions  he filled the delighted cunt of my wife 
and presented his really beautiful arse to my raging lust  i humoured
the entrance a little  but once within over the nut  i plunged
recklessly forward  somewhat too roughly  for it made him wince  and he
would have escaped from me if he had not been doubly imprisoned  the
pause i gave him after being fully engulphed calmed the strange
sensation  and we gradually increased our movements until both died away
in excessive delight  especially to him  for it was his first experience
of  la double jouissance   and it gave him such exquisite enjoyment that
he begged me not to withdraw  but to run a second course  my darling
wife thinking it would increase his lewdness if she changed his prick
from her cunt to the more divine orifice  withdrew it  and placed it in
the grove sacred to the secret rites of priapus 

he enjoyed the ecstasies of paradise on this last occasion  and we all
fell on the bed completely overcome by the soul killing joys of the
discharge  and lay soaking in all the after pleasure for some time 
until my darling wife begged us to relieve her of our overpowering
weight  we rose and purified ourselves  and then i posed him standing
up  admiring the really fine proportions and beauty of his handsome fair
form  i sucked his prick until it stood  and then told him he must give
me the pleasures of the middle  which he was so highly praising as the
utmost exquisite enjoyment he had ever experienced 

my darling wife was delighted  she got on her knees  i entered her
delicious cunt in the first bout  and i quickly housed carl s prick in
my arse 

we ran an exquisite course  and then a second with only a change of my
prick to florence s arse instead of cunt  carl was after this obliged to
leave us  as the morning was getting on 

i sent him away the happiest of men by telling him as long as he placed
his arse at my disposal  he should have my wife always at the same time 

thus we had secured another fine prick to our general orgies  we told
the grandvits of our fortunate  trouvaille  

monsieur made some difficulty about his being a servant  and the fear of
discovery of our orgies through his indiscretion  but hearing that he
was much superior to a servant he consented to his introduction 

after they had seen and admired him  they expressed their extreme
satisfaction at the result of his joining us for both madame and
grandvit loved to have him into all their orifices  we could now fuck
both women at once  and the double pleasure could be given to either sex
without there being any outsider 

every third night they slept in our hotel  and that night we never
ceased conjunctions in every variety  with pauses for refreshment 
purification  pleasant bawdy talk  fun  and frolic  for a month longer
this delicious existence lasted  and then it was time for us to proceed
southward  we parted from the grandvits with much regret  but promised
to return in the spring and visit them at their country house  i may
here add that we did so  and enjoyed our visit to the utmost  and  in
the second year of our absence  they accompanied us into germany  where
at last we left dear carl  he had begged us to let him go as my valet
with us to italy 

his intended stay in paris was within a month of its termination  he
wrote to his father that the opportunity of travelling through italy
under the offer we had made was too advantageous to be lost  his father
consented  and thus for eighteen months he was our constant companion
and participator in all our lascivious conjunctions 

carl accompanied us to london on our first return home  and resided with
us for three months  i told the benson and the egerton of our good
fortune in discovering him  and the exquisite addition to our party of
us and the de grandvits he had been 

they were instantly alive to the delight of possessing him 

i had continued the occupation of my chambers in the temple  in which
harry dale still resided  it was there we erected our altar to the
apostrophian venus  and held our orgies 

carl delighted our old friends  who were never tired of having him one
way or another  while harry or i administered to the  double
jouissance  

a new prick to a woman is like a fresh cunt to a man  and for the time
gives additional zest to the lust which rages in us  so it is with the
darling benson and the lovely egerton  they revelled in the possession
of carl  they knew they could only have him but a short time  and they
made the most of him 

my beloved wife  with that kindly consideration for everyone which
distinguished her  quite abandoned carl to these two dear insatiable
cunts  and contented herself with presiding over our orgies  dictating
new and exciting poses to our two friends  leaving carl and me to their
embraces  and consoling herself with a fuck now and then from harry
dale  when we two were simply fucking each his dame  she told them   i
can have carl and charlie whenever i like at home  so must leave them to
you for the three months that carl can only give us  

we met thrice a week  my wife used to drive to the dear creatures and
take them up  the husbands being much gratified at the affection shown
by my wife to them  and never having the slightest suspicion of the
object my wife had in taking them out  as to our own servants they knew
the chambers belonged to their master  and they knew we lunched there 
but they never imagined their mistress would take ladies to share in
their master s embraces  so that we carried on our intrigue in perfect
safety and impunity 

it was a sad day when we left with carl  who never again returned to
england  our darling companions had become much attached to him  and
parted with close embraces  and with bitter tears bade him adieu 

we parted from him at frankfort  where his father  retiring to a country
life  left him proprietor of a capital hotel  to which in after years we
often resorted when going to and from the german spas  and always stayed
some days to renew the orgies we all so loved  his love for my adored
wife s cunt endured for ten or twelve years  when an advantageous
marriage softened it  perhaps more through the jealousy of his wife who 
suspecting  caused us to desist from using his hotel  he had also got a
family of a boy and two girls growing up  which completely ended our
acquaintance 

to return to the time of our conducting him to frankfort with the
grandvits  they afterwards accompanied us in a tour in switzerland  but
left us at sion  when we turned our steps across the simplon to italy 

we were invited by our friend the count to visit him for a month at his
old castle in the hills of san giovanni  overlooking all the ground of
bonaparte s earlier battles in his first italian campaign 

we followed the right bank of lake maggiore to arona and allessandria 
and thence by acqui gained the castle of the count on the hill above  it
was situated in the midst of glorious scenery  from the summit of a hill
near the glorious line of the alps could be seen monte rosa  mont blanc 
mont cenis  monte giovi  and thence round the apennines  while the gap
leading to savona gave a view of the sea  the southern suburb of genoa 
and the line of coast leading to spezia 

it was a glorious view  and we often directed our steps to the summit
from whence it was seen during our month s stay with our loved and
delightful host 

his old castle was only partially ruinous  but quite habitable  however 
his father had built a comfortable house in the garden  at the base of
the rock 

the castle crowned a perfect perpendicular detached mass of rock  half
round which rushed a mountain torrent  the approach being a very steep
zigzag with now ruinous defences  a very steep and difficult ascent  it
is true from a low entranced cave at the foot a secret stair led up from
the garden  of which i shall have more to say in relating some incidents
of the count s earlier history  as confessed to us in our close and
intimate intercourse 

we were warmly welcomed by our dear friend  who  leading us to our
rooms  had a rack off of his waste steam in the ever delicious cunt of
my loved wife  who  it will be recollected  had a great penchant for the
count  when she used to prefer him at our percy street orgies  when the
count retired  i plunged my excited prick into the balmy bath he had
prepared for me in my wife s cunt  fucking her fast and furiously the
instant he retired  a change she loved above all things  this calmed us
for the moment  and enabled our waiting for night 

we had expected to find a young sister of the count with him but at our
orgy at night he told us that since his return home he had had this
sister  and that in fact at that moment she was staying with an
 accoucheuse  at turin  and he expected to hear of her delivery by every
post  we congratulated him on finding so delicious a bit of incest to
his hand on his return to his country 

 ah   said he   it is much more delicious than you think  

 indeed  how is that  

 she is my own daughter as well as sister  

 what a delicious idea   cried i   what a cockstand  and what a fuck it
must have been to you  but you must have had your own mother to bring
about such a delicious result  do let us hear all about it  my dear
count  it will excite us all to renewed efforts  as incest always does  

this conversation occurred during a long pause we had made in our first
night s orgy when quietly seated after purification  restoring our
powers with champagne and some slight refreshments prepared by our host
for the occasion  we had already had three hours of the most delicious
fucking in every possible combination  being all  especially the count 
fresh and in excellent order for a thorough excess  so we all were glad
of a respite  and listened to the exciting story of the count s
delicious double incest  as we did not hear all at that sitting  i will
finish an account of our doings  and then give a connected narrative or
sketch of that strange intrigue  and some other of his earlier
escapades  merely adding that his account of his affair with his mother
set us all off in such an excitement of lust  followed by such an excess
of fucking in bouts of  double jouissance   in which not only my adored
and most lascivious wife came in for her full share  but both the count
and myself enjoyed the double bliss in our turn  we carried on to such
an excess that we were quite knocked up  and were so overpowered with
sleep the next evening that by common consent we quietly went to bed 
and deferred till morning any fresh deeds in the fields of love and
lust 

we found this so refreshing to our powers of fucking that we regularly
adopted the system of lying fallow the earlier portion of every other
night 

we passed a most agreeable time with walks and rides through the lovely
scenery  and explorations of the old castles 

the count himself had two  but the one immediately above his house was
by far the most interesting and was the original seat of his ancestors 
wild robber barons of their day  and a black deed was reported in the
traditions of the peasantry around 

the castle  although in a valley between the hills  stood on a high
perpendicular isolated rock some hundred and fifty feet above its base 
it was crowned with a very high building to make up for want of space at
the foundation  and had besides a very lofty and bold round tower 
rising high enough above the sides of the valley to serve as a lookout
beyond them  the habitable part was reached from the main gate by a
steep stair  at one of the landings was a trap door opening upon a
profoundly deep shaft  tradition said that this was a trap for personal
enemies  who  on pretence of reconciliation were invited to the castle 
on passing over the trap it opened  and they were precipitated to the
bottom  it was the common tradition of the peasantry that wheels with
scythes attached chopped them to pieces at the bottom 

it is a curious fact  and one showing how tradition may preserve a truth
where least expected  our friend the count for six months lay hidden in
the secret recesses of this old castle at the time a price was set on
his head for treason  this had led him to all sorts of explorations  in
which he had discovered many hiding places 

knowing of this tradition about the cutting up of bodies at the bottom
of this deep shaft he got his two younger brothers to let him down by a
long cord  and really found the remains of machinery and wheels with
rusty blades attached 

after he had finally escaped  a more regular search was made  and it was
discovered that a communication with the torrent on a former higher
level had let the water pass underneath the castle  and turn a water
wheel which cut up the bodies and made them float away by the outlet 
human skulls and bones were found  singularly verifying the truth of
tradition 

at the time the count was a fugitive hiding therein  the old apartments
were used as a granary to store the rent in kind of his father s
tenantry  as there were suspicions of his having taken refuge here  the
place had been two or three times ransacked by the police without their
discovering him thanks to the ingenious hiding places he had discovered 
but for this very reason every precaution had to be taken  and no beds 
bedding  or plates  knives  chairs  or tables were there  he slept on
the corn  spread three feet thick on the floor  or sat on it when tired 
his mother  with provisions under her petticoats  would saunter in the
garden  and  when unobserved  slip into the low cavern and ascend by the
secret stairs  and seated on the corn by his side  would wait until he
had done  to take everything away  and leave not a trace of anyone being
provisioned up there  these details are explanatory of what follows  the
count had been one of the royal guard for two years at turin  and being
a handsome young fellow  had as much fucking at command as he could wish
for  when shut up for months in his asylum the passions that had been
kept under by constant gratification began to torment him  from the
loopholes of the castle he could see the peasant women working on the
mountainside  and  in stooping  showing their legs even up to the bare
skin  and this used to drive him mad with desire  he did not frig
himself  but at night stole down to the garden  secured a large pumpkin
or two  took them up to his retreat  cut small holes in their sides  and
then thrust his stiff standing prick into them  forcing the hole to the
size of his prick  and then working the pumpkin with both hands till he
spent deliciously  he used to get six or seven fucks in these artificial
cunts  then throw away the finished one on the torrent side of the
castle  this was so far a relief  but his lust grew fiercer every day 
and on one occasion became uncontrollable 

his mother  who had married at fifteen  was now a fine ripe woman in her
thirty sixth year  one day  after setting down the things she had
brought up  she lifted her outer gown that she might not show she had
been sitting on corn  the count was already seated much below her body
on the low corn  his mother accidentally on this occasion drew up all
her clothes  showing the whole of her fine arse  and in stooping
backwards to seat herself all her fine hairy and gaping cunt was visible
to his lower sight  this was too much for the count  in a moment his
prick sprang to the fiercest stand  he instantly unbuttoned his
trousers  his mother finding she had brought her bare arse onto the
corn  leant over on the side opposite to her son to tuck her petticoats
under her arse  but the count seized her round the waist with one arm 
with his body pressed on her already bent body  forced her quite down on
her side and was into her cunt up to the hilt  he thrust it up so
fiercely as not only to make her shriek with surprise  but also with
pain  she struggled to be free  but was held down with all the energy of
his ferocious lust  very few thrusts in and out were required to bring
down the first rush of his sperm  this lubricated her cunt  his prick
never yielded  but stood as stiff as ever  and with hardly an instant s
pause he recommenced a more delicious action than the previous one  his
mother  however  was much distressed in mind at the first horror of the
incest  but being a ripe woman of hot lubricity  could not feel a fine
prick deliciously belabouring her cunt without having her lust excited
in spite of herself  as all pain of the unprepared forcing of her cunt
had passed away  and the plentiful rush of her son s spunk lubricated
all the passage  she soon could not control her passions  and seconded
him with an art which left nothing to desire  his long deprivation fired
him to unusual efforts  and he fucked her five times before he withdrew 

when she sat up she said   oh  ferdinand  what have you done  how could
you do so  violate your own mother  it is dreadful  

the poor count  seeing her much distressed  burst into tears  threw his
arms round her neck  and weeping told her he could not help it 

she patted his head  and said   poor fellow  poor fellow  

on this he lifted his head to kiss her  she  too  wept  and they mingled
tears and caresses together  this almost instantly restored his prick to
its pristine stiffness  he bent his mother back on the corn  and
although she resisted a little  and said it was too dreadful his wanting
to commit such a sin again  she opened her legs when he got over her 
and did not prevent his pulling up her petticoats 

he was into her this time well moistened and really longing cunt  for
her passions were now become lascivious 

thrice more did he fuck her  each time more delicious than the others 
and in all seconded by the most splendid action of his mother s arse 
and the most exciting pressures of the inner folds of her really
delicious cunt 

at last she left him  but after so delightful a commencement every day
saw a renewal of these delicious encounters 

his mother proved an adept in every resource of lust  being a splendidly
made woman  and salacious in the extreme  when once she had given way to
her lubricity  she indulged in every whim of lust  she always  after a
few days  fucking  came very lightly dressed  with no stays or other
encumbrances  so that they used to strip and fuck at ease in every way 
the count assured us that much as he had since enjoyed some of the
finest women  never had one given greater pleasure than his delicious 
lewd  and salacious mother  doubtless the fact of it being incest added
to the usual gratification given by a ripe  well made  luscious cunted
woman 

after the first week of their delicious encounters  his mother said to
him   my dear ferdinand  we are very imprudent  you may get me with
child if we do not adopt precautions  your father does not wish to have
any more children  and takes care not to get them  

 how does he prevent it  my dear mamma  

 well dearest  he goes slowly to work  and while he has it in me rubs
his finger on the point where you are now feeling  he was gently rubbing
up her clitoris  a well developed one  until he has made me enjoy it
several times  and when he finds he is about to discharge he suddenly
withdraws it  and pushes the head of it into my bottom and spends there 
you must do the same  but you must not put all this long thick fellow
in  oh  come to my arms  my son  you have excited me until i must have
it immediately  

upon which the count mounted and fucked so deliciously that with arms
and legs round his body and loins  devil a bit would she allow him to
withdraw  but spent with him most ecstatically  and quickly called for
more  so that it was not until the third time of his being about to
spend  that throwing her fine legs high in the air  and bringing her
arse with a heave well up  and taking his prick out with her hand  she
guided it to the delicious smaller orifice  and as all was reeking with
the previous discharge  slipped it in  not the head only  but the whole
shaft  she cried out   not so far  not so far   but as he began shoving
in and out she quickly got excited  and wriggled her arse with all her
accustomed skill  and spent deliciously again as he shot his spunk right
up into her incestuous entrails 

he passed a hand between their bodies to press a finger on her clitoris 
this made her cunt throb  which was felt by his prick  and quickly sent
him up upon another delicious enjoyment of the tight recess of obscene
lust  and a second most exquisite and luscious course was run  equally
to his mother s as to his satisfaction  then he withdrew to relieve her
body of the weight she had so long sustained  they mutually embraced
their naked bodies  and sweetly conversed on the exquisite joys they had
just participated in  his mother declared his father gave her nothing
like the lascivious joys she received from his dear son  they toyed and
kissed until  handling his prick with skill  she got two more delicious
fucks  one in each receptacle  and parted for the day 

by the second month she discovered that what she dreaded had happened 
her son had got her with child  she wept when she communicated this
unfortunate result  but the count  like me  always stood fiercely at a
woman s tears  several splendid fucks followed  all in the cunt the
mischief was done  and precautions were no longer necessary 

his mother abandoned herself to him with a greater excess of lust than
she had ever yet done  and fucked with an excellence  vigour  and energy
that drew from him eight discharges in a wonderfully short time  the
fact of his having put a baby into her appeared to stimulate both their
passions  she declared she never in her life had enjoyed fucking more 
they used the grossest bawdy terms in their intercourse  as if it was
one barrier more broken down between them  and made their incestuous
love more exciting and a greater destruction of all natural ties between
them 

before parting they consulted about how best to fix the parentage on her
husband 

he was a man of fifty five  and  therefore  past the ardour of
passion taking even his fucking coolly and  therefore  more difficult to
hoodwink 

she knew that he awoke with a cockstand  although that did not always
lead to a fuck  upon this they founded their hopes  and at last arranged
she should drug his coffee  and when still asleep in the morning she
should handle his prick  get him up  turn her bum  put it into her cunt 
work him gently  make him spend which would awake him  hold him in 
pretend she herself was in the acme of delight  but on coming to her
senses  upbraid him with having spent inside 

this all happened as planned  he did awake on spending  but his wife
exerted such unusually delicious pressures upon his delighted prick 
that he got so excited as to fuck her and she took care he should spend
inside a second time she pretended to be carried away by passion as much
as he was  but remonstrating afterwards upon the imprudence of what he
had done  especially in having so excited her that she could not help
spending at the instant he did  which made it more dangerous  she did
not know how it was but she had never before seemed to receive such
pleasure from him as he had given her that morning 

 well  my darling  it is a curious coincidence  but you never seemed to
me more delicious or more lasciviously excellent in your fucking than
you did just now  as it is but once let us take more care in future  and
hope nothing will come of this little and delightful imprudence  

but of course there did  as the count related to us  and seven months
after this morning fucking my mother gave birth to a daughter   i had
already been in exile for five months when this event came off  i had
letters from my mother after she got about and for some years
afterwards  telling me that my sister was a beautiful child  and growing
up  the image of her father   underlining those words for me  to put the
true construction on them  poor darling mamma  she died four years ago 
and my father followed her two years later  i never saw either of them
again 

 before i escaped from italy i had passed five months in the constant
possession of my beloved mother  as her pregnancy advanced her salacious
avidity for my embraces seemed to increase  she was insatiable  but with
such variety of charm and art that i never failed to answer to her call 
every refinement and excess of the wildest and grossest lust was
practised by us 

 my father possessed a small collection of the grossest bawdy books  my
adored and salacious mother purloined from time to time the lewdest  we
read and excited ourselves in the realisation of the wildest and
grossest scenes therein depicted 

 my mother was an instance of a woman getting once out of bounds and
then stopping short of no excess  and became boundlessly corrupt  there
was no horror we two could possibly commit that we did not indulge in 

 my father  when once the pregnancy was undoubted  was less reticent of
his fucks  my mother at my request used to stimulate him to fuck her
just before coming up to me  so that i used to shove my prick into the
paternal sperm  sometimes in her cunt  and sometimes in her arse  and
eventually used to lick it up before fucking her either way  the incest
of her son upon the immediate fuck of her husband was  she said  the
most stimulating to her excessive lust of anything i could possibly do 

 my father was obliged to go to turin for ten days  it was the time of
new moon  when nights were dark  my mother used to put on a dark cloak
and come up to me  we lay down on her cloak  and  stark naked  gave
ourselves up to the wildest lust until dawn  when mother slipt away to
the house and left me well inclined to sleep until she returned with my
food 

 oh  it was a happy time  its combinations of solitude and incest 
combined with my lusty youth  for i was only nineteen years old at that
time  made me be constantly at her call  and she never went away before
her excessive lust had been satisfied for the moment  had circumstances
permitted her to stay with me longer than she usually did  she would
have got more frequent fucks out of me  at night  when she could come 
she got ten and sometimes eleven discharges from me  and probably
herself spent twice as often  i was indefatigable 

 in all her after letters to me she constantly avowed grief that she had
lost her most loved son  that she was inconsolable  punning on the con
in the word  which is french for  cunt  

 various allusions of that sort were in all her loving letters  often
and often when i have been slack in fucking a woman  and my prick not
answering when called on  i had only to conjure up some of these scenes
with my mother when my cock would spring to the stand instantly  to the
immense satisfaction of my momentary  fouteuse   and it is so yet  a
thought of her reanimates it at once  

here my adored wife slipped her hand under his dressing gown  and found
his prick standing fiercely  she seized it  and pretending to be his
mother  cried out 

 come  oh  come  my beloved ferdinand  into your own loving mother s
arms  

she fell back on the couch  he got between her legs  kneeling on the
floor  having thrown off his robe  exhibiting his fine hairy arse one of
those i so dearly loved  the sight fired my salacious prick  so kneeling
behind  i guided it into his arsehole  and while he fucked my adored
wife  i sodomised his superb arse  we ran two delicious courses  then my
wife took me in her cunt  while the count buggered his supposed mother 
for that stimulating idea was kept up  a second fuck followed in the
same pose  with both her apertures filled to satiety 

this concluded that delicious orgy  we had a half night s rest the
following night  as usual  to recruit  that we might better enjoy a
perfect excess on the subsequent night 

it was in this way we kept up our powers  and only near the end of our
visit had we any occasion to apply the birch  and that to no great
excess 

it was in the middle of the second night that the count continued his
recital of the result of the intrigue with his mother  his sister child 
for she was both  was born in his first year s exile  beyond his
mother s description of her  that she was growing up a beautiful girl 
the image of her father  meaning her son  the count  he had no other
intelligence of her  she had just turned eleven when her mother died 
for two years after that sad event she kept house for her father 

he then dying  the second brother took possession of the property  as
the state had deprived him of all civil rights  the property was given
up to the brother  on his return  after being amnestied  the count had
to go to law with his brother to get back his property  his
sister daughter  who had been unhappy with her brother s wife  gladly
left them to keep house with the count  she was then in her seventeenth
year  splendidly developed in bosom and bottom  lovely and lustful
deep brown eyes  the very image of her father  although she only knew
him as her brother  the recollection of the fierce joys he had had with
his own and her mother  drove him wild with lust to possess the
incestuous fruit of his intrigue with his own mother  he used of an
evening after dinner to have her sit on his knee while he related his
adventures abroad  intermingled with kissing and toying  he praised her
splendid bubbies and felt them  he said he could not believe that her
immense prominence behind was real unless he felt the bare skin  with
little resistance this was permitted once  then indulged in  until from
less to more he got to feeling and frigging her cunt  while he put his
own standing prick into her caressing hand  there could be but one end
of this  he took her maidenhead  and then she crept into his bed every
night  he initiated her into every excess of venery  and ended by
getting her with child  it was concealed as long as possible  and then 
on pretence of a visit to a friend at turin  to see some fetes  he
conducted her to an  accoucheuse   and left her there until her
parturition was over 

i may here mention that just five weeks after that event came off we met
them at turin  on our way home from venice  she was a beautiful girl 
the count introduced us as old friends  with whom everything could be
done in common 

we stopped a fortnight  and initiated her into all the mysteries and
extravagancies of the wildest lust  and she proved apt a scholar that
she almost equalled in action and enjoyment the greater experience of my
beloved wife 

the count had taken apartments at turin for the winter  and finding his
sister daughter so facile a pupil he intended getting up a  partie
carr e  to continue these delightful orgies  his child was a lovely
fruit of double incest  and gave promise of being a lovely woman  her
mount was charmingly plump  and the pouting lips of her delicious little
cunt were already lust exciting  the count hoped he would be able to
fuck her when old enough and promised me a participation when the time
came 

i may here add he had her always to bed with him  and his sister mother
every morning  and in the bath with him 

she grew up admirably developed  from between seven and eight years old
he gamahuched her delighted cunt  at eight began rubbing his prick on
her clitoris  and by nine had gradually stretched it that he could enter
nearly his whole length  and spend there 

we long knew each other  and he always said he was practising the lesson
my adored wife florence had instructed him in  when relating to us the
incidents of her earlier days  and of her gradual violation by her own
father 

i shall defer this story that i may at once describe the after fate of
this beautiful child  whom i and my wife have since often enjoyed
between us  when she was entrusted to us by her father 

after a visit to us in england he left her to perfect her english for
six months with us  we certainly perfected her erotic education while
she perfected herself in english by her own ready talent for language 
for although only in her sixteenth year  she spoke five languages
perfectly  besides all the local dialects of italy  which differ greatly
from each other  her stay with us was much prolonged  for at the time
she was about to leave us she proved to be with child by me  in due
course of time she was safely delivered of a daughter 

her father  who came over to take her home after the advent  ceded the
dear little object of my connection with her mother to my wife s
prayers 

we had no children of our own  and she would adopt her  the count  who
in his heart was delighted at the proposition  left her with us  he
afterwards had a son by this beautiful and charming daughter and
granddaughter of his at one and the same time 

it is now long years ago  and that son legally adopted is now count in
succession after his father s death 

we paid many visits during these years to each other  during which the
count related to us some of the episodes in his life  which i give in
his own words 

 you ask me to relate my first experiences  my earliest initiation into
the secret mysteries of love s recess was rather a curious one  and one
which ended very disagreeably for the fair nun who sought to teach me
the gentle art of love 

 you must know that after bonaparte s first conquest of northern italy 
when he had turned the alps by the savona depression  and by the battles
of montenotte and others in that neighbourhood  gained the interior
plains and carried all before him  piedmont was annexed  and after the
then french fashion  all church property was seized  monks and nuns were
turned loose in the world  with a promise of small pensions which never
were paid  a nun of a convent in our neighbourhood was one thus thrown
on the world  to sustain life she opened a little school for boys and
girls of tender age  the neighbouring gentry  willing to assist a worthy
creature reduced to poverty by no fault of her own  sent their children
to her for primary instruction  my mother had taken a great fancy to
sister bridget  as she was called  and i was sent to her school  i had
just entered into my twelfth year  but was a fine grown boy of my age 
and i can remember that my prick when standing in the morning had
already shown proofs of fair development  which gave promise of its
future prominence i think i was the biggest boy in the school  all the
others being two or three years my juniors  i was in perfect ignorance
as to the relation between the different sexes  the nun seemed to have
taken a fancy to me  she used to embrace me with her arms  and kiss me
with very pouting lips  and i could feel that she seemed to suck in my
breath  she made me stand very close to her in repeating my lessons  her
arms or elbows  apparently by accident  were always pressed against the
spot where my  at first insensible  prick lay hid  without knowing how
it came about  these sort of accidental pressures at last excited it to
stand  which she  no doubt on the watch  was delighted to perceive 
seeing how she could now excite it to the point she wished to arrive at 
she said aloud one day  fernandino  you must stay to repeat that lesson
after the school rises  you want a little extra instruction which i
cannot give you while occupied with all the class   i thought this a
kindness on her part  but her object was very different  when all had
gone and we were left alone  she desired me to come nearer  the elbow
played its usual game  my cock stood  she pressed harder against it 
then cried out   dear me  what is that hard thing in your trousers  let
me see   she unbuttoned them  put in her soft hand  and drew out my
prick   how curious that is  is it always so    no  not always    when
how comes it so now    i don t know  but sometimes in moving to show me
my lesson your elbow touches it  and it gets into that state   all this
time she was handling my prick in the gentlest and most exciting manner 
indeed she very quickly produced the spasmodic joys of heaven thus
brought down to mortal man  of course with only the nervous result  this
was all that was attempted the first time  when she told me to button
up  saying that it was a very bad thing to encourage that habit  and i
must be prudent and not let others know of its being improperly hard and
stiff 

 this sort of thing continued for a day or two  finding i had said
nothing about it to anyone  she proceeded to effect her grand object  i
was kept in as before  she excited me as usual  and soon had it out
stiff standing   now   said she   i will initiate you into love s
mysteries  i see you are discreet and can be trusted  lie down on your
back on this school form   i did so  she lifted my shirt  my trousers
were already down on my legs  she felt the shaft and appendages  then
kneeling by my side she sucked it deliciously until it felt as if it
would burst  she then rose and straddled over the low form and my body 
pulled her petticoats up to her navel  and to my great surprise showed
an immense thick mass of hair  covering the whole of her lower belly 
guiding my prick to the entrance of her cunt  she gradually engulphed
the little object by letting her body descend upon it  i felt a certain
smarting of pain in her first movements  and my prick partially
softened  but quickly regained all its stiffness by the pleasure she
gave me by her up and down movements on it  i went off as before in a
paroxysm of choking delight  she  too  spent  for i was conscious of a
stream of warm liquid flowing on my cock  she tightly held me where i
was  and by cunt pressures quickly brought it up to full stiffness
again  and a second delightful paroxysm followed 

 after this i fairly shrank to nothing  and dropped out  on rising i saw
that there was a wetness streaked with blood all over my cock and cods 
boylike  the sight of blood frightened me  and i began to cry  she wiped
it all off  and skinned back my prick to wipe under it but here the raw
surface made it painful  and even drew a show of blood  previously my
foreskin had been attached to the projecting edge of the nut  her action
of sinking on it had torn it off and forced it down on the shaft 
doubtless this is the maidenhead of a boy  and hence the first smarting
pain and the slight loss of blood that followed  she tried to detain me
that she might get some warm water  which she told me would put it all
to rights  i was too frightened  and ran off home crying all the way 
and like a stupid lubberly boy  sought my mother and told her all what
sister bridget had done and showed how sore she had made my cock  my
mother  enraged  ran at once to the school  where in a back room sister
bridget resided berated her well  and in her anger let it all out  so
that the poor woman  lost all her scholars  and was reduced to perfect
poverty  however  a young count in the neighbourhood  who had been long
trying to have her  now persuaded her to accept his protection  she had
the wisdom to make him settle indefeasibly a pension upon her  so as to
be safe from future abandonment  i  of course  soon regretted the
stupidity of my conduct  as soon as cured of the slight soreness of my
cock  my imagination recurred to the pleasure her handling and sucking
had given me  and the delicious paroxysms she had produced  but  alas 
all too late  however  now i was awakened to the true use of a prick 
and our women servants and the peasant girls in the neighbourhood  who
knew of my affair with the nun  gave me encouragement  and i fucked them
right and left  in the fields  under the bushes  in stables or lofts 
and carried on this for a year  but at last i was discovered by my
father  and sent off to college at savona  colleges in italy have
schools attached for younger students like your king s college  in
london 

 here i found a youngster but six months older than me  the son of a
friend of my family  i told him the story of my affair with the nun  we
used to get leave to go to the water closet from different masters  so
as not to be supposed to go together by design  from feeling our cocks
and frigging ourselves until we spent  which we both now could do  my
friend suggested that i should put it into his bottom  which a young
usher in his first school had taught him to do  he was a plump 
good looking lad  with wonderfully large buttocks  and with an arsehole
which from the usher s practice  whose cock was full grown  was so
widened and sunk in that it really looked more like a vulva than an
arsehole  by this time my cock was nearly as large as it is now 
notwithstanding it entered up to the hilt without difficulty  and i used
to fuck him most deliciously  it is a curious fact that he liked to be
the recipient  and to be frigged by me at the same time  although he got
into my arsehole a few times it was merely from curiosity  his letch was
to be fucked and frigged  while at college together this quite satisfied
us  and we never sought the dangerous intercourse of the strumpets of
the town  and so avoided the horrible diseases that so many of our
fellow students suffered from  many for all their lives after  for years
this agreeable intercourse lasted  and was only cut short by my exile 

 meanwhile  on my return home for the vacation  i had not forgotten
sister bridget  and longed intensely to renew my acquaintance with her 
i easily discovered her abode  meeting her one day she scowled at me 
and turned off in another direction  but i found out she had a favourite
walk in a lonely direction  i hid myself until she approached too near
to get away  seized her hand  implored her to forgive the folly of a
mere boy  who had ever regretted his ignorant stupidity  but who was now
a man  and longed to prove his devotion to her  here i had unbuttoned my
trousers with the other hand  and pulled out a very fair prick  at full
stand 

  there   cried i   see how the recollection of the paradise i lost
grieves him to the heart  let the poor dumb creature plead for me  

 i placed the hand i held upon it  she grasped it tightly 

  o  fernandino  i always loved you  and but for your indiscretion
should have had you all myself for months   i threw my arms round her
neck  our mouths met in a loving kiss  her tongue darted fire into my
soul  i drew her  a willing participator  into some side bushes  she
sank on the ground  her legs fell apart  i lifted her petticoats  her
rich fleece and palpitating cunt were irresistible  i flung myself upon
her  i gamahuched her until she spent twice  and then fucked her three
times before i withdrew  i would willingly have continued the delicious
junction  but that she implored me for prudence  sake to rise  we
parted  but not before arranging for other meetings  which took place in
woods and barns  wherever most convenient  her protector going for a
week to turin during one of my vacations  i was admitted to her room at
night by climbing the roof of an outhouse  and then stark naked we
indulged in every excess  she was hot and lewd to the utmost  a
splendidly made woman  with an insatiable cunt when once our sports
began  she was  as i before mentioned  most hairy  had a well developed
clitoris  and fucked with as much pleasure in the rear attack as in her
tight delicious throbbing cunt  she loved above all things to gamahuche
a prick  sucked it most charmingly  but with greater art licked around
the hollow below the nut  and down the under side of the prick  with an
occasional lick of the ballocks  all in so exciting a manner that no
matter how often i had fucked her  she was sure to get another and
another  this charming intrigue continued until i went to turin 

 during my connection with sister bridget i learnt the whole history of
her convent life  she was forced to take the veil by her family  much
against her will  for she even then felt the prickly sensation of
desire  making her cunt throb at the idea of coition with the male sex 
she quickly found a friend with similar desires  but more experienced 
who first taught her all the art of tribadism  and then confessed to
having connection with the youngest father confessor  this priest came
once a week to confess the nuns  to confess their liaison  and to let
him inflict what penalty he liked  he told her he would flog her  and
then punish her where she sinned  which  in fact  meant putting his
prick into her cunt when in a kneeling position  this sort of thing was
done to see if she took it in with gusto  and when it was found that was
the case  their hour of confession was a scene of every excess  stark
naked  for neither wore aught but the frock of monk or nun  this
delicious indulgence lasted until the dissolution of the convent  and
you know the rest  

another recital of the count much amused us  the count was admitted at
seventeen into the royal guard  where each private was born a gentleman 
and held the rank of sub lieutenant in the army  here he had many
intrigues  and took the maidenhead of a charming and beautifully made
girl  who was being brought up for the stage as an opera dancer  for
which she showed early capacity  she proved a great success when brought
forward  she dearly loved our friend  and was supposed to be faithful to
him  although she had developed excessive wantonness and lubricity under
his able tuition  his flight and exile separated them 

years afterwards he met a lovely  magnificent  fully developed woman 
splendidly attired  walking in the regent s park  he did not recognise
her  but was looking at her with longing eyes  when suddenly she seized
him by the arm  and exclaimed in the patois of piedmont    ces tu si 
buzaron     is that thou thyself  buzaron   this latter word is a
familiar expression of carnal affection  but  literally  is  big
bugger  

their intercourse became of the warmest  she was now a first rate
 danseuse   very highly paid 

the count had first had her  she really loved him  and in london stuck
faithfully to him  for love alone  for she never would accept even the
smallest present  she  of course  had plenty of splendid offers from
noblemen  but as long as the count would have her she was faithful to
him  when  which a knowing woman s tact senses  she saw a falling off 
she released him  and  although never refusing her person to him  took
to others as well  she was a very lovely bird  and used to relate the
erotic experiences of her previous years  many of these were most
amusing  but one in especial showed the ardent nature of her
temperament  she had accepted  when dancing at genoa  an eligible offer
from the lisbon opera proprietors  and had to take passage on an italian
brig  she was the only passenger  and her berth was in the same open
cabin as that of the captain and mate  on the second day out the captain
showed signs of wishing to have her  she was already longing for a fuck 
to which she had been daily habituated on shore  so she lent herself
most willingly to his desires  from him to the mate  and eventually to
all the ship s company  without any jealousy of captain or mate  for the
system in those days made captain and crew all equally interested in the
success of the voyage from the terms of their agreement 

the captain  mate and carpenter were owners of the vessel  the crew of a
boatswain and four picked men received food  mostly dried fish  but no
wages  they were entitled to a certain share of the profits of the
voyage  and thus were interested in its success  and on very different
terms of intimacy with the captain to what ordinary sailors could be 

the voyage lasted six weeks  and during all that time she had every man
in the ship into her every day  and from fair front fucking had
eventually satisfied them in both apertures  and often had had one in
each orifice  and sucked a third to spending point  which she
deliciously swallowed  she had even taken the  premisses  of the little
twelve year old cabin boy  and she declared that she never enjoyed so
complete a satisfaction of her excessive lascivious lust as in that
happy voyage of six weeks  duration 

the count  who had split his sides with laughter as she recounted this
extraordinary indulgence in every enjoyment of lust  related in the
amusing patois of piedmont  told us that notwithstanding such excessive
indulgence in both orifices  and by pricks  many of which were of
immense dimensions  not the slightest appearance of such ample
stretching could be detected on the closest examination  and that in
either orifice she could almost nip your prick off  one of those
exceptional constitutions and splendid forms that no excess injures  and
who are ready for any number of pricks and reducing them all to
inanition  while she remained as ready as ever to recommence the utmost
excess of lust as soon as anyone set had exhausted themselves 

as a sequel to the count s confessions  i shall here give my adored
wife s account of her early life in the form of a narrative  for when it
was told to me it was interrupted by various lustful encounters produced
by the lascivious and exciting nature of her revelations 

she was the daughter of a greek mother  married to a high clergyman of
the church of england  a man of great erudition  who had taken the
highest honours at oxford  when fellow of his college he was tutor to a
great nobleman s son  had travelled for years with him  and hence his
wide acquaintance with the languages of modern europe  in greece he had
fallen over head and ears in love with her mother  had tried to seduce
her  and  failing that  married her  he was a man of most lustful
propensities  her mother was of a beauty most attractive and exciting to
such a man  having lustrous and most lustful eyes  extraordinary wealth
of hair  which when undone reached to her heels  thick and meeting
eyebrows  and a well defined moustache  all enough to drive a sensualist
like her father mad  so failing all other means to have her  he married
her  and  as far as she could afterwards learn from him  was in all
voluptuously lewd  carnal acquirements  everything the wildest
imagination of lust could desire  it was from her mother she inherited
all that deliciously haired body  and from both parents her intensely
lascivious passions  she lost her mother just as she had attained her
eighth year  during her mother s life she had generally crept into their
bed in the mornings to have a cuddle  and had often been a witness to
the fucking of her mother by her father  and had  at other times  played
with his prick until it stood  and even made him spend with her toyings 
she owned to a sense of sensual gratification in this  but at that early
age without any idea of the possibility of its being put into her  she
always accompanied papa to his bath  and he invariably dried her and
finished by kissing her mount and her cunt  and without tongueing it 

after her mother s death he always had her to sleep the whole night with
him  and when in her ninth year he had commenced by gamahuching her
clitoris  which even at that early age he declared gave promise of
exceeding in projection the fine one with which her mother had been
provided 

in this manner he soon awakened all the latent lubricity of her nature 
afraid to force an entrance at that early age  after exciting both her
and himself  he used to rub his great prick between the lips of her
cunt  and against her clitoris  until worked up to spending point  when
he transferred his prick to her mouth  and spent therein  he having
taught her to practise that voluptuous and delicious method 

it was naturally impossible to stop short  dans un tel beau chemin   and
it ended by his first getting the knob of his prick into her small tight
slit and spending there  gradually forcing his way further and further
in  until she  driven mad by such excitement  felt the utmost desire to
have it into the deepest recess of her longing cunt  and begged him to
shove it in harder and further 

with such a spur to his passions  unable to control himself  he burst
through all obstacles  and completely deflowered her  giving her greater
agony than she expected  which was subsequently completely alleviated
and converted into the most exquisite sensations  once he had fairly
fucked her  he continued to do so constantly until the age of puberty 
which declared itself by the coming on of her monthly courses even
before she was twelve years of age  already an extensive moss bed of
sable silky short curls adorned her mount and body 

at this period her father told her he must take precautions against
getting her with child  at first he drew out and spent in her mouth 
which she dearly loved  but becoming lewd on her bottom hole  which he
constantly fingered  he declared it was too much derangement of position
to get it into her mouth  and suggested merely driving the knob into the
arsehole  and spending therein  which he could do by her merely heaving
up her arsehole as high as her cunt had been  and so entering without
any change of position on his or her part  of course it soon came from
the knob only to the utmost length of his prick in her arse  and
gradually she came so to like it that often the entire encounter of
three or four coups was delivered in her arsehole to her infinite
satisfaction  and thus her father enjoyed the first fruits of every
aperture in her body 

he it was that instructed her so deeply in classic literature as well as
modern languages  but always choosing such lewd works to carry out her
education  such as meursius and suetonius in latin  athenaeus with his
supper conversations in greek  especially drawing her attention to his
chapter on boy love  boccaccio and casti in italian  the uncastrated
editions  the adventures of casanova  and the hundreds of other french
bawdy books  with the most exciting illustrations of all these works and
many others besides  the lecture on them always led to good fucking in
one aperture or the other  practising the particular description that
excited their lewdness 

he thus depraved her mind that she soon longed for other experiences
than all he could give  and she cast about for an  aide du con   this
she first found in their young and handsome footman  who proved not only
discreet  but completely up to his work  and uncommonly well furnished 

they occupied in every voluptuous excess the hours papa had to attend to
the extensive and rich parish of which he was the rector  i must tell
the rest in her own words  she said 

 continued immunity in our excesses led to excessive in cautiousness 
and caused the discovery of our intrigue by my father  who appeared
shocked and distressed at the discovery  but he was quickly reconciled 
as it ended in his having the youth himself  and his introduction into
our incestuous orgies  in which he both fucked and was fucked by my
father when not giving me the exquisite delight of having both together 
and for five or six years i had but these two charming satisfiers of my
lust 

 at this period a beautiful youth of fourteen  the son of a younger
brother of my father  and  consequently  my first cousin  came to live
with us  he was an orphan  left by his mother under the guardianship of
my father  i was some three years his senior and he took to me as an
elder sister  was very loving in that character only  and used to
embrace and kiss me most affectionately  i  for my own part  soon began
to have other feelings 

 on his first arrival  in grief at the loss of his only surviving
parent  he feared to go to bed alone  so i used to accompany him  and
help to undress him  he was all innocence  his mother  up to her recent
death  had done the same  so he had no  mauvaise honte   and i helped
off his shirt and helped on his nightgown  and even witnessed his
diddling before he got into bed  which i tucked him in and kissed him
before leaving 

 of course with my then complete knowledge and practice of every art of
lust  i could not but look for and discover all his secret charms  then
always in a state of repose  but promising a future development  i grew
lewd upon him one morning  after an orgy with papa and the footman  who
had not altogether satisfied me  i was tempted to go along to my cousin
henry  to waken and cuddle him  knowing that he would probably awaken
with a cockstand  as usual with youths  and even men 

 i slipt along  and at once saw  as i expected  for only partially
covered with the sheet  the prominence of his prick was unmistakable  i
gently removed the sheet  and was delighted to see that his instrument 
insignificant enough when down  was of a very respectable volume when
erect  and quite capable of giving any woman perfect satisfaction from
its excessive hardness  i gently took it in my hand to feel it  it
throbbed at the touch  and felt like a piece of wood in hardness  with a
velvet covering 

 i got into his bed by his side without awakening him  taking care to
pull up my chemise so as to let him feel the contact of my bare skin  i
pulled the sheet over us  took him in my arms  and woke him with a kiss 

 he was surprised and delighted at finding me by his side  but as yet
had no idea but that of cuddling and caressing me  in throwing my arms
around him i had taken care to pull his nightgown up to his loins  so
that his naked body pressed against mine as we embraced 

 in apparent surprise i cried out what is that pressing so hard against
my body  at the same time moving my hand and laying hold of it  it
throbbed violently to the touch  i threw the sheet off to see what it
could be 

  dear me   said i   how is this  what a change  it was not like that
when i put you to bed last night  how has it become in this strange
state  

  it is so  dear cousin  when i want to pee in the morning  and goes
down afterwards  

  then jump up and pee  and i want to do the same  

 he took the pot and piddled  i took another and piddled  standing with
legs wide apart  and holding the chamber pot partly between and partly
under my thighs  so that he could perfectly see the whole of my cunt 
and the flow of water from it 

 he stared with astonishment  it was really the first time he had any
knowledge that women were differently formed down there than he was 

  how funny   cried he   you piddle from a chink  and have no doodle  i
should like to see it nearer  

 i told him i should lie down on my back on the bed  and he could look
as much as he pleased  but he must never tell anybody what he would see 
because it was a great secret 

 he promised  of course  i lay down on my back  having first thrown off
my chemise  stretched wide my legs  told him he would see better if he
knelt between my legs  some slight distance from the object to be seen 

 he got up and began a close examination  admiring the immense quantity
of hair i had already got  opened the lips  caressed what he called the
little doodle  my clitoris  which was rampant with lewdness  i told him
to feel inside with his middle finger  he pushed it up i nipped it  to
his astonishment  so that he could hardly withdraw it  nature  unknown
to him  acted her part  his cock  which had gone down after piddling 
stood stiffer than ever  i laid hold of it  and said 

  how comes this  henry  you can t want to piddle again  

  no  no  but i feel queer all over  i don t know why  and it seems to
have raised my doodle as you see  

  if you will keep it secret i will show how it comes about  

 he promised that he would never  never  tell anything i should teach
him  so i said 

  come to my arms  lie down on my belly  and i will teach you  there
that is it  

 his cock beat fiercely against my cunt  i passed my hand down  guided
it into my longing cunt  then placing my hands on his buttocks pressed
down and forced his charming shaft up to the hairs of my longing cunt 
foaming with my father s and the footman s sperm  so that he slipped in
with the greatest ease  but no sooner was he hilted than one of my
exquisite cunt pressures made him cry out with unexpected pleasure 
while i spent with the delicious conviction that i was enjoying the
first fruits of a beautiful youth  i told him how to move in and out 
nature did the rest the moment he knew what to do  a very few thrusts
brought down his first tribute on the altar in the exquisite recess of
venus  the voluptuous goddess of love  i joined in the delicious
discharge 

 once experiencing the joys of coition the dear boy fucked me five times
before i could get him to withdraw  and it was only the fear of
discovery that induced him at last to get off me  we had a delicious
cuddle  and i promised to come every morning i could do so with safety 
impressing upon him the absolute necessity of secrecy and caution  if he
wished to have any repetition of the delightful lesson i had given him 
i returned to my room gratified beyond measure in having taken a maiden
tribute  women who have the luck of such good fortune alone know the
exquisite delight of initiating a virgin prick into love s mysteries and
our longing cunts 

 we carried on this delicious intercourse for months before it was
discovered  but use begets want of caution  and my father at last
discovered it  poor henry thought himself happily excused by allowing my
wanton parent to take possession of his bottom while fucking me  my warm
embraces enabling him to support the great and curious pain and pleasure
attending a first penetration of that delicious narrow aperture 
dedicated to the obscene god  it ended in his complete initiation into
our orgies with the footman  his addition to the orgy enabling more
complex and lustful combinations than two men and a woman alone could
indulge in 

 my father  who lived quite up to his income  died and left me with a
very small capital at his death  which happened after the coming of age
of my cousin henry  to whom i had become violently attached  indeed  it
was my first love  and had all the devotion and ardour of that passion 
he had a small independence  and we lived together for two years after
my father s death  secretly sleeping together 

 the interference of relatives who  without suspecting our real sensual
intercourse  preached upon what the world would say   c   induced me to
undertake a governesship  for which the great instruction i had received
from my papa more than fully qualified me  i saw the reasonableness of
this  and also thought it was more likely to strengthen henry s love
than otherwise  but the parting was a great trial  he had grown a fine
man  with a superb prick  although far inferior to this monster   laying
hold of mine at the moment standing stiff and wanting but her touch to
make me bend her back and fuck her off hand  so exciting had been her
recital 

she resumed after this episode  by saying her system of teaching was
eminently successful  from time to time she was comforted by interviews
with her loved henry  besides satisfying the lust of both the father and
sons of the families she lived with  teaching and taking the maidenheads
of several youths  but in none receiving the gratification her loved
henry had given her  until  as she flatteringly said  she had the good
fortune to enter our family and find such a jewel as i possessed 

she had occasionally found girls of such a warm temperament that she was
induced to initiate them into the art of gamahuchery  it was in this
character of instructress that she had first used the rod to the bottoms
of her pupils  and it was seeing the erotic effect produced on them as
recipients that first gave her the letch of being herself birched  after
this she had had a vast variety of youths  fathers of families  and old
worn out patients  whom she birched into action 

from one situation to another she had arrived at ours  since which time
i knew all her doings 

the count s son and my daughter meanwhile grew up to puberty  we watched
their progress with great interest  they were both initiated in all
love s delicious mysteries by their respective parents 

my lovely little florentia  for we christened her in my adored wife s
name italianized  which became familiarly entee  was a great comfort to
us  from childhood she always came to cuddle us in bed before we rose 
she was so beautifully made that we used to strip her naked and kiss her
whole body  which always gained my dear wife an extra fuck  especially
after she reached her tenth year  when her form was rapidly developing
into puberty  being from infancy familiar and accustomed to be always
stript by us  she had no shyness  indeed she became so exciting that
often i grew rampant and fucked my dear wife while she was present  she
grew to like to see us do it  and used to play with my big cock  and
bring him up to the scratch  it ended as it was sure to end  in my
gradually toying with her from one excitement to another  until she was
completely fucked in her thirteenth year 

ten years after that epoch i lost my beloved wife  and would have been
quite inconsolable but for the sympathizing endearments of this darling
child  who became so necessary to my existence that twelve months after
my adored wife s decease i married her  she was a perfect italian
beauty  and no one supposed she was other than an orphan adopted by my
late wife 

now  in my old age  she is the comfort of my life and the mother of my
beautiful son  whom we have named charley nixon  in memory of both my
first adored wife and my guardian  through whom he will inherit great
wealth  the dear little fellow is now eighteen years of age  handsome 
well grown  and very well furnished  although not so monstrous in that
way as his father  his dear mother has initiated him in every delight 
and he has all the fire of lust that his old father had before him  he
often comes to us at night  indeed  it is the only thing that enables me
from time to time to get a cockstand and a fuck at his mother  to see
them in all the agonies of lust  fucking furiously before my delighted
eyes  so excites me now and then  for  alas  it has come to be a
gratification few and far between  but occasionally to suck up his young
sperm after the excitement of their love combat produces a stiffness for
my beautiful wife to mount upon me and then have our charming son to put
his prick into her bottom for this  too  is necessary to my failing
vigour  and the contact of his vigorous young prick against the thin
filmy substance separating us feels as nothing  i am long in spending 
and his delighted mother gets two and sometime three delicious
discharges in her arse before my lazy prick deluges her cunt with my
incestuous sperm 

we are thus a happy family  bound by the strong ties of double
incestuous lust  it is necessary to have these loved objects to fall
back upon  for alas  all the earlier partakers of my prick are now dead
and gone  aunt and uncle  the dales  the nichols  my beloved benson  and
her friends the egertons 

i have already mentioned the count s death  and both my sisters have
left me alone  and i should have been a dreary and solitary old man but
for my beloved wife and son  who solace me and replace the void in my
heart i should otherwise have so sadly felt 

i shall here end this long tale of my erotic life 

a curious event has happened lately  the divorce of a mr  cavendish from
his wife for adultery with the young count de la rochefoucault  the
details brought before the court were of the most scandalous nature 
especially the letters exchanged between them when the count had to go
to rome  where he was attach  to the french embassy  when the husband s
counsel handed up the letters with the sworn notary s translation  he
remarked that he thought they were too horribly scandalous to be read in
court  the judge scanned a few of them  and  addressing the counsel
said 

 i am perfectly of your opinion  my learned brother  i shall take them
home and make a point of them in my address to the jury  

it will be seen that they were of such a nature that doubtless the old
judge  who was no other than my dear old chum harry dale  gave his wife
two or three extra fucks on the strength of the lust produced by those
exciting and extraordinary lascivious letters from a young man of only
twenty one years of age  showing quite as early an initiation into all
the luxury of the utmost depravity as any of my own details of my early
experiences with my darling old aunt 

some of the letters are a string of imaginary events as to how far they
could carry their imaginations  the count constantly alludes to the
inferiority of his descriptions to those given in her replies  alas  as
he possesses those exciting replies of the lady  they cannot be got at 
but from his descriptions  and the remarks on certain gross
familiarities  it s evident she was gifted with as lascivious and
lustful a temperament as either my aunt or the divine frankland 

a chance threw these interesting letters into my possession  and i can
assure the reader they are the veritable sworn translations of the
letters found in mrs  cavendish s davenport when it was broken open by
her husband  and produced on the trial  the count had evidently dreaded
such an event  and it will be seen he constantly implores her to destroy
his letters as soon as read  but  with the infatuation of her sex  she
kept them to furnish the sole evidence by which she lost her place in
society and became a lost woman  it is added that she was a woman of
forty five  and the mother of several children  but it is these randy
voluptuous matrons who have the most attractions to a young man who
feels flattered and is proud of  as he thinks  conquering a woman in a
good position in society  it is evident enough that she was no tyro in
every depravity of lust  and probably had passed through many hands
before he gained her  he appears to have been really cunt struck  which 
as i have before observed  is one of the strongest infatuations that a
man can have 

end of volume iv 


addenda


letters


produced in the divorce case


cavendish


 v  


cavendish and rochefoucault 


rome   saturday 

 august  th           o clock  

i tried last night  my angel  to write you a half sheet  but it was as
much as i could do to read your letter a second time  and it was only by
making a great effort that i was able to write a few lines  however 
this morning i will try and continue  in order to reward you  not for
that one which you have deprived me of from pique  but for those
bewitching ones which i have lately received 

i have just received your letter     begun august  rd     o clock at
night  and bless you for the idea of addressing it to pal  b   it is
infinitely preferable  and there is no fear of any risk   indiscretion 
in original  either now or later 

i am delighted when i think of the pleasure you derived from what i sent
you the other day  i only decided upon it in fear and trembling  i do
not understand what you mean by letter direct to albert  if you do not
send it per embassy bag i should not have it here till monday  you would
have done much better to have put it in the parcel  all last night i
slept very badly  no doubt in consequence of a presentiment i had that i
should not receive a half sheet  and that you were annoyed at my going
to albano  and i thought of a mass of things as disagreeable as they are
painful  of your birthday  for instance  the  st of october  which will
be an opportunity for ii      ii stands for her husband  to make you a
present in return for the set of studs which you gave him on his
birthday  when you  no doubt  will give him something 

as to your brown cloak which ii gave you   c   c   i request that on
your birthday when he makes you his usual present  whatever it may be 
you accept it and say   i thank you   and  without even looking at it 
put it upon the table  immediately speak of something else  and when he
has left the room  put it away out of sight without ever speaking of it
again  or appearing to know what has become of it 

i have just been interrupted for an hour and a half by m  de
fiennes very agreeable is it not  you must forgive me if i am unable to
write to you at length  what i have said to you above is for the future 
but the past is over since he has those studs  i forbid you to give him
something in future  unless you cannot possibly do otherwise  and  in
that case  you must give cigarettes or anything which does not last  i
will see what is to be done about your shawl  was it not ii who gave it
to you  thanks  my treasure  to walk so far from ii  it is so good of
you to give up to me that walk  which i hate when you take it with him 

ah  new projects again  but let us hope these will be the last  how i
pity you  you were so well you told me two days ago  and now you are
already obligated to take some powders it is ii system  nice health you
seem to have  you have good reason for believing that the regimen you
have hitherto followed is a good one  it succeeds so well  poor darling
i can comprehend how uncomfortable these frequent agitations must make
you  i suffer from them so often myself 

i will make you some drawings later  i have not the time today  those
uncertainties of your mother are terrible  oh  yes  i am in despair at
that departure  particularly before my lot is decided  and knowing  as i
do  that you are unhappy  but  my child  do not fear to let it be known
in every direction that you cannot endure ii  and that you have taken a
disgust to him  do not hesitate to give the true reasons when you refuse
to do anything  simply   yes  or no  the hand  but with     it is not
necessary  i can dispense with it  nothing of that sort is necessary  
and then  when that has produced the desired effect  add   we can only
live under the same roof upon those conditions  for sooner would i go
away altogether than that it should be otherwise   speak in this manner 
it won t answer very well at first perhaps  but he will soon get
accustomed to it   how do you do   in the morning  and  good night   at
night  then gradually get into the way of saying  mr  c   when talking
of  or speaking to him  you may be told it is not the custom  answer you
don t care  it is not the custom to be such an idiot as he is  ah  you
are too sad  poor child  all that is charming  and all our
superstitions  moreover  one must think of what has been  not of what
will be  and compare it with what is  the progress is very delightful
and consoling 

do not be unhappy about my horse  he did not go very well  and then i do
not care about driving in a carriage when you are on foot 

i have made two drawings  one prettier than the other  and i have had a
copious emission 

mrs  s  has made no tentative overtures towards me  she is often that
way inclined  and with everybody  be calm then  but  after all  you are
perfectly so  only you pretend to be otherwise  god bless you for
speaking so often of your pretty rose coloured silk stockings  i like
them so much  and adore you for wearing  them   although it is not the
custom  above all in the day time  doubtless it is very coquettish 
pretty  and wondrously exciting  even only to think of them gives me an
erection  and that rice powder  how divine you must look  it is to be
hoped that the powder in your hair will not give ideas to ii and
embolden him take care  thanks for thinking so often of me  my idolized
angel  adieu  my good  my best treasure  i love and embrace you
tenderly  i will have my revenge  for i  too  had prepared a half sheet 
but will not send it till tomorrow 

rome   saturday  for sunday s post 

 august  th          o clock  

i wish to give you a little surprise  my own dear little darling  in
sending you this letter  which you will receive with a half sheet upon
which you had not reckoned on tuesday morning  so as to supply the place
of sunday s post  it was to give you this little surprise  and in no way
of retaliation  that i did not send a half sheet in my letter of this
morning  it was very unkind of you not to send yours upon the pretext
that i was at albano  but you will have been ashamed of it since 
besides  even supposing that i had been there  i should not have
committed any indiscretion with your envelopes  which are so excellent 
and  if one had felt inclined to do so  your letter was sufficient to
make me indifferent to it  i suspect you of not having prepared what is
necessary  i shall be sure to see if it be so  tomorrow s letter ought
to contain two  i continue your letter     and i perceive with rapture
that you have had a thick cream like emission of enjoyment  how
delicious it would be in my tea  how i should like to send you some like
it also  it is a good thing that my letter to the little girl was
successful  will you tell madame de delmar that i am sorry to hear that
she is suffering  particularly as her ordinarily detestable disposition
only becomes more thick and more execrable  suppress this latter part if
you think it better 

ah  you think that madame salvi has played her cards well and in what
way  i ask  you are too bad  too implacable  i do not like that in you 
i have told you that your suspicions wounded me  and i think you can
believe me when i tell you that i have completely changed my conduct in
that respect  besides  what can i possibly do  i am very uncomfortable
here  the abdol don t want me  besides  the duke has given me to
understand that i ought occasionally to go and see his wife  and the
borgh bother me with all their children 

thanks  my good angel  for the letter des pierre  if it be decided that
you leave  i shall go for a few days to civita sad and mournful
consolation  why do you tell me that you will go barefooted when i go to
see you  i am quite of your opinion that your feet are only too
delicious  the costume rather disgusted me than otherwise  without 
however  producing any effect upon me  tomorrow i shall pay the duchess
de grano a visit  and since it seems to put you out  shall not return
again to albano 

heaven knows that the pleasure is not great  and that i care very little
for it  the other day i did not even find it any cooler there  the
duchess of st  alban s leaves on the   th for schwalback and england on
account of the apprehensions about war another subject of uneasiness for
me such is life  i can go and live with the duchess de grano and salvi 
no one would say anything about the one  and not much about the other 
whatever you yourself might say  but that annoys me exceedingly  and
disgusts me  and i dare not do so with you  you might  however  have
been my ambassadress  see what it is to be so seductive  so graceful  so
pretty  so kind and gentle  just fancy  dearest  that i have not
answered madame rudiger  i must really do so today  she is a person one
must be careful with 

i have always this phrase before my eyes   i prepared a divine half
sheet yesterday evening  but dare not send it   very agreeable  and very
kind of you  well  i do not complain 

they have been so heavenly during the last three days  and mine are so
shameful  how nice it is for me to think that i should have sufficient
influence over you to get you to sit perfectly naked at my table  long
ago might you have had that influence over me  and even have enforced
requirements more depraved  and more degrading than that if you had
wished it  and with what rapture  adieu  my angel  what a happiness to
give you this trifling pleasure 

when i shall have undressed my adorable little mistress it will be nine
o clock  she will be mad with desire  delirious from passion and
rapturous exactions  exigencies   her maddening look exciting me in the
highest degree will arouse all the strength i possess  and enable me to
exhaust her so completely that she herself will attain the height of
happiness  the greater the refinement and delicacy of my caresses the
greater will be your happiness  the more languishing will your eyes
become  the more will your pretty mouth unclose itself  the more will
your tongue become agitated  the more will your bosoms  firm and soft as
velvet  become distended  and their nipples grow large  red  and
appetizing  then will your arms grow weaker and then will your angelic
legs open themselves in a voluptuous manner  and then seeing ourselves
reflected on all sides in the mirrors  shall i take you in my arms in
order to excite you   branler   frig  with my hand  whilst your little
rosy fingers will similarly excite me with vigour  and i shall suck your
divine nipples with passion  when the agitation of your little legs  of
your lovely little bottom   derri re    of your head  and those murmurs
of pleasure   rugissements   prove to me that you are at the point of
emission  i shall stop and carry you to a piece of furniture made to
sustain your head  your back  your bottom  and your legs  and having
near your cunt   con   an opening sufficiently wide to allow my body to
pass erect between your legs  then shall i fuck   enfiler   you with
frenzy with my enormous and long member  which will penetrate to the
mouth of your womb  being squeezed by your pretty legs  which will bring
me closer to you  i shall wriggle   remuerai   my strong pretty member 
which you love  with more vigour than ever  my private parts   organes
m les   testicles  will touch your little bottom  and this contact will
provoke such an abundant flow of the essence of love in your little cunt
that i shall be as if i were in a bath 

how i fear to leave off there  but we shall see  do not write to me by
the night post  it is useless  it is true that when i am near you in a
carriage i have difficulty in remaining quiet  oh  no  do not alarm me
by your insatiability  mine is much greater than yours  there is not the
slightest comparison to be drawn between us in a physical point of view 
but as far as our moral nature and heart is concerned we can rival each
other  and i am very happy on that account 

      i was most annoyingly interrupted by the luncheon bell  and
afterwards i played a game of fourreau  a game all the fashion at
verteuil   and here i am again  i have just refused to accompany my
father and mother in a drive in the neighbourhood  so that i shall be
able to write to you more at length  unless  indeed  i write to
fallenay 

you tell me that you like the little costume  but that is all you say 
and you give me no details as to the colours  the length and shape  i
will believe my treasure  my jewel  that your bosoms will be white 
swollen and soft as velvet  and it is very nice of you to tell me that
my hands will have difficulty in holding them and putting their ruby
lips to my mouth 

you are quite right in saying that you will develop my virility  it is
you who have made my member what it is now  i repeat  on my word of
honour  perhaps you will not like to hear these details  but 
nevertheless  i shall say it  you are the first woman in the world who
has stimulated that essence which flows from my prick   queue    which
your kisses have rendered so pretty  and it is you who have plucked the
flower of my virginity  never have i had   bais    any other woman  and
whatever may be the misfortunes to which i may be destined  it will
always be an immense and ineffable happiness to me to think that i have
given and lost it through the luscious draughts you offer   par tes
d lices    it is  and it will be  perhaps  the greatest blessing  and
the only consolation of my life  but before god it is a great one  and
my enjoyment has not been such as one can expect to find in this world 
i do not believe that he who had the madness to rob you of yours was as
pure as myself  and as for voluptuous pleasures  if there be any greater
than that which i know  i promise you never to learn or seek it 
although i don t require this at your hands  i do not wish to have any
other woman spoken of  they all disgust me  even to look at them  you
know it  and you know that there is nothing  absolutely nothing  in you
to disgust me  but all that belongs to you maddens me  and i love and
adore all  it has become a madness  and you know it  for when you are
kind you give at least the idea by letter of that which you would not do
if you had the slightest doubt 

you know that i have sucked you between the legs at those delicious
moments when you made water  or when you had your monthly courses  and
that my happiness will be complete when you will allow me  and when
circumstances will allow you  to let me lick   passer la langue   at
that ineffable moment when your little love of a jewel of a bottom has
just relieved itself  in you everything appears different and pure  the
purity which reigns in your every feature  the excess of refinement
which exists in your whole body  your hands  your feet  your legs  your
cunt  your bottom  the hairs of your private parts  all is appetizing 
and i know that the same purity exists in all my own desires for you  as
much as the odour of women is repugnant to me in general  the more do i
like it in you  i beg of you to preserve that intoxicating perfume   but
you are too clean  you wash yourself too much  i have often told you so
in vain  when you will be quite my own  i shall forbid you to do so too
often  at most once a day  my tongue and my saliva shall do the rest 

if it is necessary let the doctor cauterize you   toucher    that is to
say with his instrument  and mind he does not fall in love with you  i
bet he has never before seen anything so seducing  so pretty  or so
perfect  it is to be hoped that the irritation does not proceed from the
size of my member 

you did quite right to go to the play  and i regret sincerely to have
spoilt the pleasure you had in going  it shall not happen again 

as to the place george had  that is perfectly indifferent to me 

ah  you think that the portrait was done afterwards  you are not sure of
it  but it is a matter of no moment  my much loved one  i shall not be
the less happy to have the photograph if you are good enough to give it
to me  not too much in miniature  i shall be very grateful for it 

if i said that galitzin was clever  i was wrong  he has a kind heart 
and is very fond of me  now that he has lost his mother  i shall be more
kind to him  he is a person one can depend upon  his letters are silly
productions  those russians have always the imagination easily excited 

yes  my father has always the same answer  thanks for your obliging
offer of gloves  my mother must settle about it 

i shall still have lavished the following caresses upon you  angel of my
delight  were i a little calmer  i had a dream  such as it was  about it
last night  and only remember it just now by way of explanation of my
mad excitement of this morning  i saw you as i was asleep  you were by
my side frigging me with your fingers of love  and you heard me say to
you   i see you there   you are as lovely as venus  your lusciousness
and lasciviousness are at their very height  your body is completely
perfumed with your urine  in which i forced you to bathe yourself for my
enjoyment  so that i might lick you  you have painted the most seductive
parts of your person  your shoulders are white  your rosy bosoms reveal
themselves through a rose coloured gauze  trimmed with bows of the same
hue  your thighs  as well as your navel and your heavenly bottom  are
revealed through a heavenly gauze  your legs are clad in rose coloured
stockings  the sperm flows  but how much i needed it  this is true  for
my testicles were swollen in an alarming manner 

oh  my child  my pretty little mistress  if you only knew how much i
suffer from the excessive heat  and the privation in which i live 
without exaggeration  my testicles are enormous  my member is as large 
straight  and stiff as my arm  i am mad from desire for you  i had the
unhappy idea of going to bed again  my mind was full of a dream i had
had  and of which you were  of course  the subject  then i thought of
the caresses which you would have been obliged to submit to  and at
last  in consequence of your yesterday s half sheet  so pretty at the
beginning and at the end  but yet quite beside the question  and found
myself engaged in the act of rubbing myself with frenzy  and of stroking
myself and of frigging my prick   la pine   until i was exhausted 
before i could discharge the merest drop  that was too much for me  and
now i desire you like a mad man  if a delicious half sheet does not
arrive by the embassy bag  i know not what will become of me  i have had
an emission  i am saved  i shall feel myself so relieved  you have
forbidden my going with other women  you are determined that i shall not
have a discharge with anyone but yourself  and that i have fucked
  bais    no one but you  oh  how i must love you 

it is two o clock in the morning  i have violated and well worked you 
kissed  frigged  licked  and sucked you  obliged you to yield to my
desires  the most debauched  the most shamelessly degrading during the
whole of the afternoon  all the afternoon  too  i have got you to suck
my member and my testicles  i have made you pass your tongue between my
toes and under my arms  i have compelled you to paint your body  to
drink my urine  i was almost on the point of getting you sucked and
licked by a pretty lorette  perfectly naked  between your legs  and to
make you piss into her cunt in order to make the depravation more
debased than ever  i have had discharges from jealously  i have
discharged at least forty times  and when  after having left you to go
to my club  i returned home  and finding you fast asleep from
exhaustion  i awakened you and insisted upon your frigging me with your
rosy fingers  all the while licking my several parts  you implore me 
you are wearied  but i am intractable  you must do it in order to excite
you as much as i am myself excited  i suck your breast with frenzy  the
sucking that i have given your bosoms  and the fear you have lest i
should fetch a young girl to violate you with her breasts in your cunt 
filling your womb with her milk  excite your senses  and then you hear a
voice whose sound alone so pleasingly tickles your womb  saying to you 
 my pretty mistress  i implore you to abandon your     to me  i will
love you so fondly  i will be too kind and gentle  i am so handsome  i
will do all you can possibly wish  i know so well how to have and suck a
woman  my member is enormous  it is beautiful  rose coloured  large 
long  hard and vigorous  yield yourself to me  

tell me if you like this one 

when you are ready you will call me so that i may come and say my daily
 how do you do   you will begin by taking my    out of my trousers  then
half opening your gown  you will lift up your pretty chemise with one
hand  and will pass your other arm  soft as satin  round my neck  i
shall embrace you tenderly  then i shall lick your snow white shoulders 
your bosoms  which seem to be bursting from the imprisonment of your
rose coloured stays embroidered with lace  i shall lick between your
legs  over your divine little bottom  your nymph like thighs being at
that moment on my knees  then you will place your angelic little feet 
with your stockings on  one after the other in my mouth  after this you
will send me into the dining room  in order to get rid of the servants 
and  by this time  filled with an amorous and impassioned languor  each
of your movements breathing forth the frenzy and voluptuousness of
passion  you will come and join me  there will be only one chair  and
the table will be laid for only one person  we shall each of us have
only one hand free  i the right  and you the left  then you will sit
upon my left leg  which you have found the means to make naked  you will
have unfastened your gown in such a way that it will hang down behind 
and your right hand will caress and stroke my enormous prick  which you
will have taken between your legs without putting it into your angelic
cunt  whilst my left arm will wind itself round your lovely waist in
order to bring you still nearer to me 

after breakfast  which will have lasted till half past twelve  and which
will have given you strength  we will go into the little rose coloured
boudoir  i shall place myself in a low narrow chair  and as i shall be
very much excited by your enchanting looks  my enormous member will come
out of its own accord from its prison  and you will sit astraddle upon
me  introducing  with the greatest difficulty  my pretty and vigorous
prick into your pretty girl like cunt  when wriggling about from sheer
enjoyment you will stop its movements every time i tell you i am on the
point of discharging  so as to increase my desires and my transports of
happiness  then in half an hour s time you will get up and place
yourself upon the sofa  whilst i  at your desire  shall rip off all my
clothes  then you will get up from the sofa and take off your
dressing gown only keeping on what you have underneath  in my turn i
will stretch myself on the sofa  getting every moment more delirious
with passion  for your dress  betraying the delicious outlines of your
figure  without revealing them entirely  will render me almost beside
myself  and will make my prick so long and so stiff that you will hardly
be able to sit on its point without being fucked  in spite of its size 
which will force from you sighs and murmurs of rapture  at last  when
once seated  fucked by my manly and powerful prick  you will throw
yourself backwards  i should lean my enraptured legs against your
bosoms  in order that you might lick my feet  while you would pass your
amorous and divine legs  softer  whiter  and more rose tinted every day 
over the whole breadth of my chest  placing your tiny goddess like feet
in my mouth  as our desires would augment at every moment  you would
allow me  would even ask me to take off your garters  your pretty
stockings  and your slippers  in order to procure me the luxury of
licking every part of your body there  and of realising in the most
perfect manner the intense enjoyment arising from the contact of the
most delicate  the most woman like  the most voluptuous member of your
body  my hands would frig your little love of a member  my manly prick
would kiss your celestial womb  and my thighs would caress your
delicious bottom  when i have worked you in this way for hours  ceasing
every moment you were on the point of emission  i should  as i withdrew
my member  let you at last discharge  and then an immense stream of love
would flow into my mouth  which suddenly and as if by enchantment would
find itself in the place of my member while your bosoms would be covered
with that white essence of which you are the only source in my eyes  i
had never known it before homburg   and which would escape from my
amorous member 

every day after dinner  reclining voluptuously on a couch  you would
snatch a few moments of repose while i was taking off all my clothes 
when i had finished  and when i  filled with love  had shown myself to
your contemplation  you would give up to me your place upon the sofa 
and assuming the most seductive  the most coquettish  and the most
graceful attitudes  would come and play with my member  whose vigour
would arise solely from the sight of your pretty costume  which  i am
convinced  would render you more delicious than the most graceful fairy 
you would love me so deeply that i should cease to have any power of
will  you would have exhausted me  sucking me completely dry  nothing
would remain in my prick  which would be more full of desire  more
enormous  and stiffer at every moment  my languishing eyes  gentle as
love itself  surrounded by large dark blue circles caused by your look 
your tongue  your bosom  your cunt  your member  your heavenly little
bottom  your legs  your fingers  and your angelic little feet would tell
you how complete was my happiness  my intoxication  my ecstasy  and my
faint  exhausted but happy voice would give you the same assurance 
would murmur with rapture in your ears  oh how i love you  my lady love 
my divine little virgin  caress me yet once more  again  still again  it
is a dream  thank you  oh  thank you and yet again  oh i am in heaven 
do not pause  i implore you  suck me harder than ever  lick me well  oh 
what rapture  ask me what you will  it shall be yours  you are my
mistress  no other but you in the whole world can transport me in this
way  frig me with your knees  oh  oh  oh  i am going to discharge   and
my half opened mouth would prove to you my enjoyment  and the thirst i
had for the bliss you could confer 

then  more full of passion than ever woman lover had ever been  and
enraptured as you listened to my voice  so completely beneath your sway 
listening only to your own love  you would raise your little coquettish
petticoat  and pressing dear little loves of calves more closely
together  for you could be on your knees  resting upon my little blue
veins  you would frig me in this manner  with greater vigour than ever
sitting down every now and then upon your fine little heels  in order
the better to release my beautiful prick  perfectly straight and rudely
swollen and inflamed with passionate desires  from between your divine
thighs  as soft as satin  and as white as snow  to better introduce the
wet tips of your lovely and velvet like bosoms into the seductive little
hole of my member  whilst my knees raised slightly behind would gently
caress your bottom  so as to give you some little satisfaction in your
turn  and at last  unable any longer to retard the moment of emission 
you would bend forward  resting upon both your hands  to increase my
desire  and keeping yourself back a little distance from me  while your
petticoats would now cover my head  and act almost like an electrical
conductor upon me  you would intoxicate me with the perfume exhaled from
your legs  from your member  from your cunt  from your bottom  and
lastly  you would slake my thirst and complete the celestial transport
by pissing  with eager rapture  between my burning lips some of that
woman s nectar which you would alone possess  and which  emanating from
you alone in the world  is worthy of the gods  it would be half past
eight 

you cannot form any idea of my excitement at this moment  i hope you
will like this  and will answer me prettily  am i sufficiently in love 
and do you believe there will be another woman in the whole world beside
yourself for whom i shall have any desire  oh  how wild is the longing
that i have for you at this moment  and this nectar i have spoken of 
from whom else could i care for it  could i endure it even  whilst from
you what mad delight  tell me  do you believe this  you know it
perfectly well  i am sure  these are not mere words  tell me that you
will piss into my mouth again when i ask you  i am now going to try to
sleep  but what chance of doing so with this love that consumes me  i
must await your pretty letter of tomorrow morning  for it is that alone
which will excite the flow and stream 

at half past eight you would like to conform to the usages of this room
of mirrors  and as your desires have become greatly inflamed by my own
state  and by the soft and sensual temperament of our bodies  you would
ask me to undress you  in order that  being completely naked  i might
the more easily overwhelm you with my most passionate caresses  i should
then strip you of everything  except that in order that your feet might
not come into immediate contact with the looking glasses upon which we
should be walking  i would slip on your feet a pair of tiny little
slippers  with little silk soles  at a distance they would hardly be
visible 

someone is coming  adieu till tomorrow 

and larger and stouter than that of my little darling  and so
indifferently shod with shoes   their boots are pretty  

adieu  my angel  i finish this so as to be enabled to add a few lines to
the picture it is late  i love you with all my soul  with love  respect 
and adoration  nothing yet has been heard about de l  r  it is very bad
weather  and my father is still no better 

i would take you for a drive either in a pretty barouche or in a
phaeton  your toilette would be beautiful but simple  i would only
insist upon your wearing a veil  for my love and happiness would render
me somewhat egoistical with regard to others  we should not be serious
all the time of our drive  for at every instant i should steal a kiss 
and your feet would be resting on mine 

we should return home about half past five to dress for dinner  you
would change everything  and without paying any attention to what our
servants might think  i should put on a loose pair of trousers  prettier
than what i had worn this morning but  like them  opening in the front 
as for you  my own love  i should insist upon your dressing yourself as
a ravishingly pretty little  danseuse   with some little difference 
however  in my favour  your hair would be in curls  falling all round
your head  upon your beautiful naked shoulders  you would crown them
with a pretty garland of flowers  such as i like for aim e  you should
wear a light coloured muslin dress  very low and very short  up to the
knees  your arms bare  and the skirts exceedingly full  the body of
which would be transparent  and refine and reveal the divine shape of
your angelic bosoms   your legs  perfectly naked  would be visible
amongst a mass of folds of muslin  and would be covered by little
open work stockings of rose coloured silk  fastened at the instep by
bows  like the dress  and on your tiny virgin feet you would have little
satin shoes  without soles  to pass into the dining room  so as to avoid
catching cold  and also prevent the servants revelling in the sight of
my treasure  you would envelope yourself from head to foot in a long
veil  during dinner i would try to remain tolerably quiet so that you
might eat and strengthen yourself for the evening  which would be a
fatiguing one  our servants would have directions not to enter until we
rang  during each course you would open your veil  and turning towards
me  for you would be on my right hand   you would place your pretty legs
across mine  immediately my manly prick  which your love would render
daily more and more delicious  would display its vivacity  and you would
caress it with your lovely satin like calves  your chair enabling you to
do this  being tolerably large  with only one arm on the right  while
mine would be much lower  that would not fatigue you much  and this is
what you would say to me   am i not bewitching and delicious  do you not
think me voluptuous  and regard me as your mistress  holding you under
my entire subjection  i am very happy to please you this way   and i
should answer   yes  i am your slave  you give me the greatest enjoyment
that can be had  there is not a woman in the world who possesses the
attractions you have  you make me do anything  you are the queen of
voluptuousness  of enjoyment  no one knows how to make love as you do  
at last at the dessert you would glide gently upon my lap  allowing your
petticoats to flow behind  i should suck your bosoms  for as the
servants would be getting their own dinners  i should have thrown your
veil quite off  and you would then appear enveloped in all your many
charms  then i should give you your dessert  which would consist of a
biscuit moistened with that white essence which you alone in the whole
world have known and know how to produce in me  and for my reward you
would allow me to make my wine for dessert  i would then place my
wine glass between your legs  opened voluptuously wide  and you would
let that delicious urine flow into it  the intoxication that this
fragrant liquor would produce would be the signal for my most passionate
caresses 

you would begin by placing yourself astride me  and i should thrust with
the greatest difficulty my virile member between your legs  in this
position we should leave the dining room  i carrying you along by the
stiffness of my member  while every step i took would make you wild with
excess of enjoyment  we should go into a pretty boudoir  the floor of
which would be completely covered with looking glasses  and filled with
furniture intended by their shape and softness to augment the
voluptuousness of our embraces  no costume whatever would be put on in
this room  nudity alone would have a right to remain there  there would
be pieces of furniture to excite the senses and whereon to recline 
others enabling us to suck each of our members  to lick  to frig  to
kiss  to enjoy  to complete our performance  to discharge  to fuck  in
one word  to supplement and promote the extremest refinements of the
most celestial and most perfect of all enjoyments 

the continuation on some future occasion my fear of exciting you will
depend somewhat upon my letter of this evening or tomorrow  and
particularly upon the frank and sincere reply for which i ask you for
the day after tomorrow 

send me back the beginning 

you cannot have the faintest idea of my dread when one of these sheets
is on its way 

why do you trouble yourself to pay so much attention to style and
writing that takes time  i never read mine over  and that is so much
time gained 

english translation of the letter written by the count almost entirely
in cypher


here is the response of my heart  my beloved adored one 

thou shall have it as soon as i shall dare to send it to you 

thou shalt belong to me entirely one day  perhaps in eighteen months 
and then here is the existence which you shalt have the grief to be
compelled to lead 

in the apartment which i depicted to you the other day  and with the
toilette that i require of my beloved lady  my lady mistress is to
render herself every day between eleven o clock and noon 

she will find there thy loving husband  all fresh and in every respect
desirable   gentil    clothed in a dressing gown of very light texture 

from noon until three o clock this is the programme 

at noon thou wilt stretch thyself on thy easy chair  thou wilt loosen a
little thy girdle and open thy pretty dressing gown  i on my bent knees
at your side shall lick you with my tongue  while my arm shall encircle
thy divine waist and thy two naked arms shall encircle my neck 
afterwards softly widening thy virgin legs thou will cast aside all that
which hides from the eyes  and you will place me between those divine
legs 

successively i shall lick with voluptuousness thy neck  thy shoulders 
under thy arms  thy breasts  i shall suck with force those chaste little
bosoms  which by their swelling would desire to escape from the pretty
little rose coloured stays  then passing to thy intoxicating cunt  i
should suck it with such an amount of frenzy that thou wouldst discharge
for the first time in my mouth 

this done it will have so much excited me that  taking thy place  it
will become your turn to mount between my legs  and licking all my chest
thou wilt finish by frigging with passion my prick  which will become
longer and straighter than ever 

as soon as thou shalt feel the enjoyment coming thou wilt cease  in
order to lick the parts adjoining 

at one o clock thou wilt want to make water  then my mouth adhering
between thy legs  thou wilt allow me to swallow all  then lying down
again on thy little belly  i shall lick with fury thy bottom so
voluptuous  and thy delicious legs 

afterwards it will be thy turn to continue thy caresses upon me 

at two o clock both of us elevated in a supreme degree  lifting up thy
little chemise in front we shall do the business  that is to say  that
surrounding me with vigour with thy legs  thou wilt make efforts in
order to fuck thyself   enfiler    but my member will be to such a
degree enormous that we shall have all the trouble in the world  the
delights corresponding to the efforts   at last  once entered thou wilt
procure  by my movements and my pauses  such enjoyments that i shall
hear you uttering the softest murmurs of thy voice  and so that thou
wilt wriggle thyself on my ravished prick which will still further
augment thy transports 

thou wilt enjoy thyself thus three times  at the third time i shall suck
thy breasts with such passion that thy eyes depicting a heavenly languor
and a divine abandonment  thou wilt empty out upon me thy
delirium causing seminal fluid 

that will last until half past two o clock  then we shall sleep together
thus until three o clock  and at three o clock thou wilt go to dress
thyself in order to go out or to receive visits 

behold  the following part shall come to you if the commencement pleases
you 

mem  the commission herein is returnable in paris    th june       



    end of the project gutenberg ebook the romance of lust  a classic victorian erotic novel    


    

updated editions will replace the previous one the old editions will
be renamed 

creating the works from print editions not protected by u s  copyright
law means that no one owns a united states copyright in these works 
so the foundation  and you   can copy and distribute it in the united
states without permission and without paying copyright
royalties  special rules  set forth in the general terms of use part
of this license  apply to copying and distributing project
gutenberg  electronic works to protect the project gutenberg 
concept and trademark  project gutenberg is a registered trademark 
and may not be used if you charge for an ebook  except by following
the terms of the trademark license  including paying royalties for use
of the project gutenberg trademark  if you do not charge anything for
copies of this ebook  complying with the trademark license is very
easy  you may use this ebook for nearly any purpose such as creation
of derivative works  reports  performances and research  project
gutenberg ebooks may be modified and printed and given away you may
do practically anything in the united states with ebooks not protected
by u s  copyright law  redistribution is subject to the trademark
license  especially commercial redistribution 


start  full license

the full project gutenberg license

please read this before you distribute or use this work

to protect the project gutenberg  mission of promoting the free
distribution of electronic works  by using or distributing this work
 or any other work associated in any way with the phrase  project
gutenberg    you agree to comply with all the terms of the full
project gutenberg  license available with this file or online at
www gutenberg org license 

section    general terms of use and redistributing project gutenberg 
electronic works

  a  by reading or using any part of this project gutenberg 
electronic work  you indicate that you have read  understand  agree to
and accept all the terms of this license and intellectual property
 trademark copyright  agreement  if you do not agree to abide by all
the terms of this agreement  you must cease using and return or
destroy all copies of project gutenberg  electronic works in your
possession  if you paid a fee for obtaining a copy of or access to a
project gutenberg  electronic work and you do not agree to be bound
by the terms of this agreement  you may obtain a refund from the person
or entity to whom you paid the fee as set forth in paragraph   e   

  b   project gutenberg  is a registered trademark  it may only be
used on or associated in any way with an electronic work by people who
agree to be bound by the terms of this agreement  there are a few
things that you can do with most project gutenberg  electronic works
even without complying with the full terms of this agreement  see
paragraph   c below  there are a lot of things you can do with project
gutenberg  electronic works if you follow the terms of this
agreement and help preserve free future access to project gutenberg 
electronic works  see paragraph   e below 

  c  the project gutenberg literary archive foundation   the
foundation  or pglaf   owns a compilation copyright in the collection
of project gutenberg  electronic works  nearly all the individual
works in the collection are in the public domain in the united
states  if an individual work is unprotected by copyright law in the
united states and you are located in the united states  we do not
claim a right to prevent you from copying  distributing  performing 
displaying or creating derivative works based on the work as long as
all references to project gutenberg are removed  of course  we hope
that you will support the project gutenberg  mission of promoting
free access to electronic works by freely sharing project gutenberg 
works in compliance with the terms of this agreement for keeping the
project gutenberg  name associated with the work  you can easily
comply with the terms of this agreement by keeping this work in the
same format with its attached full project gutenberg  license when
you share it without charge with others 

  d  the copyright laws of the place where you are located also govern
what you can do with this work  copyright laws in most countries are
in a constant state of change  if you are outside the united states 
check the laws of your country in addition to the terms of this
agreement before downloading  copying  displaying  performing 
distributing or creating derivative works based on this work or any
other project gutenberg  work  the foundation makes no
representations concerning the copyright status of any work in any
country other than the united states 

  e  unless you have removed all references to project gutenberg 

  e    the following sentence  with active links to  or other
immediate access to  the full project gutenberg  license must appear
prominently whenever any copy of a project gutenberg  work  any work
on which the phrase  project gutenberg  appears  or with which the
phrase  project gutenberg  is associated  is accessed  displayed 
performed  viewed  copied or distributed 

    this ebook is for the use of anyone anywhere in the united states and most
    other parts of the world at no cost and with almost no restrictions
    whatsoever  you may copy it  give it away or re use it under the terms
    of the project gutenberg license included with this ebook or online
    at www gutenberg org  if you
    are not located in the united states  you will have to check the laws
    of the country where you are located before using this ebook 
  
  e    if an individual project gutenberg  electronic work is
derived from texts not protected by u s  copyright law  does not
contain a notice indicating that it is posted with permission of the
copyright holder   the work can be copied and distributed to anyone in
the united states without paying any fees or charges  if you are
redistributing or providing access to a work with the phrase  project
gutenberg  associated with or appearing on the work  you must comply
either with the requirements of paragraphs   e   through   e   or
obtain permission for the use of the work and the project gutenberg 
trademark as set forth in paragraphs   e   or   e   

  e    if an individual project gutenberg  electronic work is posted
with the permission of the copyright holder  your use and distribution
must comply with both paragraphs   e   through   e   and any
additional terms imposed by the copyright holder  additional terms
will be linked to the project gutenberg  license for all works
posted with the permission of the copyright holder found at the
beginning of this work 

  e    do not unlink or detach or remove the full project gutenberg 
license terms from this work  or any files containing a part of this
work or any other work associated with project gutenberg  

  e    do not copy  display  perform  distribute or redistribute this
electronic work  or any part of this electronic work  without
prominently displaying the sentence set forth in paragraph   e   with
active links or immediate access to the full terms of the project
gutenberg  license 

  e    you may convert to and distribute this work in any binary 
compressed  marked up  nonproprietary or proprietary form  including
any word processing or hypertext form  however  if you provide access
to or distribute copies of a project gutenberg  work in a format
other than  plain vanilla ascii  or other format used in the official
version posted on the official project gutenberg  website
 www gutenberg org   you must  at no additional cost  fee or expense
to the user  provide a copy  a means of exporting a copy  or a means
of obtaining a copy upon request  of the work in its original  plain
vanilla ascii  or other form  any alternate format must include the
full project gutenberg  license as specified in paragraph   e   

  e    do not charge a fee for access to  viewing  displaying 
performing  copying or distributing any project gutenberg  works
unless you comply with paragraph   e   or   e   

  e    you may charge a reasonable fee for copies of or providing
access to or distributing project gutenberg  electronic works
provided that 

      you pay a royalty fee of     of the gross profits you derive from
        the use of project gutenberg  works calculated using the method
        you already use to calculate your applicable taxes  the fee is owed
        to the owner of the project gutenberg  trademark  but he has
        agreed to donate royalties under this paragraph to the project
        gutenberg literary archive foundation  royalty payments must be paid
        within    days following each date on which you prepare  or are
        legally required to prepare  your periodic tax returns  royalty
        payments should be clearly marked as such and sent to the project
        gutenberg literary archive foundation at the address specified in
        section     information about donations to the project gutenberg
        literary archive foundation  
    
      you provide a full refund of any money paid by a user who notifies
        you in writing  or by e mail  within    days of receipt that s he
        does not agree to the terms of the full project gutenberg 
        license  you must require such a user to return or destroy all
        copies of the works possessed in a physical medium and discontinue
        all use of and all access to other copies of project gutenberg 
        works 
    
      you provide  in accordance with paragraph   f    a full refund of
        any money paid for a work or a replacement copy  if a defect in the
        electronic work is discovered and reported to you within    days of
        receipt of the work 
    
      you comply with all other terms of this agreement for free
        distribution of project gutenberg  works 
    

  e    if you wish to charge a fee or distribute a project
gutenberg  electronic work or group of works on different terms than
are set forth in this agreement  you must obtain permission in writing
from the project gutenberg literary archive foundation  the manager of
the project gutenberg  trademark  contact the foundation as set
forth in section   below 

  f 

  f    project gutenberg volunteers and employees expend considerable
effort to identify  do copyright research on  transcribe and proofread
works not protected by u s  copyright law in creating the project
gutenberg  collection  despite these efforts  project gutenberg 
electronic works  and the medium on which they may be stored  may
contain  defects   such as  but not limited to  incomplete  inaccurate
or corrupt data  transcription errors  a copyright or other
intellectual property infringement  a defective or damaged disk or
other medium  a computer virus  or computer codes that damage or
cannot be read by your equipment 

  f    limited warranty  disclaimer of damages   except for the  right
of replacement or refund  described in paragraph   f    the project
gutenberg literary archive foundation  the owner of the project
gutenberg  trademark  and any other party distributing a project
gutenberg  electronic work under this agreement  disclaim all
liability to you for damages  costs and expenses  including legal
fees  you agree that you have no remedies for negligence  strict
liability  breach of warranty or breach of contract except those
provided in paragraph   f    you agree that the foundation  the
trademark owner  and any distributor under this agreement will not be
liable to you for actual  direct  indirect  consequential  punitive or
incidental damages even if you give notice of the possibility of such
damage 

  f    limited right of replacement or refund   if you discover a
defect in this electronic work within    days of receiving it  you can
receive a refund of the money  if any  you paid for it by sending a
written explanation to the person you received the work from  if you
received the work on a physical medium  you must return the medium
with your written explanation  the person or entity that provided you
with the defective work may elect to provide a replacement copy in
lieu of a refund  if you received the work electronically  the person
or entity providing it to you may choose to give you a second
opportunity to receive the work electronically in lieu of a refund  if
the second copy is also defective  you may demand a refund in writing
without further opportunities to fix the problem 

  f    except for the limited right of replacement or refund set forth
in paragraph   f    this work is provided to you  as is   with no
other warranties of any kind  express or implied  including but not
limited to warranties of merchantability or fitness for any purpose 

  f    some states do not allow disclaimers of certain implied
warranties or the exclusion or limitation of certain types of
damages  if any disclaimer or limitation set forth in this agreement
violates the law of the state applicable to this agreement  the
agreement shall be interpreted to make the maximum disclaimer or
limitation permitted by the applicable state law  the invalidity or
unenforceability of any provision of this agreement shall not void the
remaining provisions 

  f    indemnity   you agree to indemnify and hold the foundation  the
trademark owner  any agent or employee of the foundation  anyone
providing copies of project gutenberg  electronic works in
accordance with this agreement  and any volunteers associated with the
production  promotion and distribution of project gutenberg 
electronic works  harmless from all liability  costs and expenses 
including legal fees  that arise directly or indirectly from any of
the following which you do or cause to occur   a  distribution of this
or any project gutenberg  work   b  alteration  modification  or
additions or deletions to any project gutenberg  work  and  c  any
defect you cause 

section    information about the mission of project gutenberg 

project gutenberg  is synonymous with the free distribution of
electronic works in formats readable by the widest variety of
computers including obsolete  old  middle aged and new computers  it
exists because of the efforts of hundreds of volunteers and donations
from people in all walks of life 

volunteers and financial support to provide volunteers with the
assistance they need are critical to reaching project gutenberg  s
goals and ensuring that the project gutenberg  collection will
remain freely available for generations to come  in       the project
gutenberg literary archive foundation was created to provide a secure
and permanent future for project gutenberg  and future
generations  to learn more about the project gutenberg literary
archive foundation and how your efforts and donations can help  see
sections   and   and the foundation information page at www gutenberg org 

section    information about the project gutenberg literary archive foundation

the project gutenberg literary archive foundation is a non profit
    c     educational corporation organized under the laws of the
state of mississippi and granted tax exempt status by the internal
revenue service  the foundation s ein or federal tax identification
number is             contributions to the project gutenberg literary
archive foundation are tax deductible to the full extent permitted by
u s  federal laws and your state s laws 

the foundation s business office is located at     north      west 
salt lake city  ut                        email contact links and up
to date contact information can be found at the foundation s website
and official page at www gutenberg org contact

section    information about donations to the project gutenberg
literary archive foundation

project gutenberg  depends upon and cannot survive without widespread
public support and donations to carry out its mission of
increasing the number of public domain and licensed works that can be
freely distributed in machine readable form accessible by the widest
array of equipment including outdated equipment  many small donations
    to         are particularly important to maintaining tax exempt
status with the irs 

the foundation is committed to complying with the laws regulating
charities and charitable donations in all    states of the united
states  compliance requirements are not uniform and it takes a
considerable effort  much paperwork and many fees to meet and keep up
with these requirements  we do not solicit donations in locations
where we have not received written confirmation of compliance  to send
donations or determine the status of compliance for any particular state
visit www gutenberg org donate 

while we cannot and do not solicit contributions from states where we
have not met the solicitation requirements  we know of no prohibition
against accepting unsolicited donations from donors in such states who
approach us with offers to donate 

international donations are gratefully accepted  but we cannot make
any statements concerning tax treatment of donations received from
outside the united states  u s  laws alone swamp our small staff 

please check the project gutenberg web pages for current donation
methods and addresses  donations are accepted in a number of other
ways including checks  online payments and credit card donations  to
donate  please visit  www gutenberg org donate 

section    general information about project gutenberg  electronic works

professor michael s  hart was the originator of the project
gutenberg  concept of a library of electronic works that could be
freely shared with anyone  for forty years  he produced and
distributed project gutenberg  ebooks with only a loose network of
volunteer support 

project gutenberg  ebooks are often created from several printed
editions  all of which are confirmed as not protected by copyright in
the u s  unless a copyright notice is included  thus  we do not
necessarily keep ebooks in compliance with any particular paper
edition 

most people start at our website which has the main pg search
facility  www gutenberg org 

this website includes information about project gutenberg  
including how to make donations to the project gutenberg literary
archive foundation  how to help produce our new ebooks  and how to
subscribe to our email newsletter to hear about new ebooks 


