 the project gutenberg ebook of the art of war
    
this ebook is for the use of anyone anywhere in the united states and
most other parts of the world at no cost and with almost no restrictions
whatsoever  you may copy it  give it away or re use it under the terms
of the project gutenberg license included with this ebook or online
at www gutenberg org  if you are not located in the united states 
you will have to check the laws of the country where you are located
before using this ebook 

title  the art of war

author  active  th century b c  sunzi

translator  lionel giles

release date  may          ebook      
                most recently updated  october         

language  english

original publication        


    start of the project gutenberg ebook the art of war    
sun tz 
on
the art of war

the oldest military treatise in the world
translated from the chinese with introduction and critical notes

by
lionel giles  m a 

assistant in the department of oriental printed books and mss 
in the british museum




    



to my brother
captain valentine giles  r g 
in the hope that
a work      years old
may yet contain lessons worth consideration
by the soldier of today
this translation
is affectionately dedicated 



contents


 preface to the project gutenberg etext
 preface by lionel giles
 introduction
 sun wu and his book
 the text of sun tz 
 the commentators
 appreciations of sun tz 
 apologies for war
 bibliography
 chapter i  laying plans
 chapter ii  waging war
 chapter iii  attack by stratagem
 chapter iv  tactical dispositions
 chapter v  energy
 chapter vi  weak points and strong
 chapter vii man uvring
 chapter viii  variation of tactics
 chapter ix  the army on the march
 chapter x  terrain
 chapter xi  the nine situations
 chapter xii  the attack by fire
 chapter xiii  the use of spies



preface to the project gutenberg etext

when lionel giles began his translation of sun tz  s  art of war   the
work was virtually unknown in europe  its introduction to europe began
in      when a french jesuit father living in china  joseph amiot 
acquired a copy of it  and translated it into french  it was not a good
translation because  according to dr  giles    i t contains a great
deal that sun tz  did not write  and very little indeed of what he
did  

the first translation into english was published in      in tokyo by
capt  e  f  calthrop  r f a  however  this translation is  in the words
of dr  giles   excessively bad   he goes further in this criticism   it
is not merely a question of downright blunders  from which none can
hope to be wholly exempt  omissions were frequent  hard passages were
willfully distorted or slurred over  such offenses are less pardonable 
they would not be tolerated in any edition of a latin or greek classic 
and a similar standard of honesty ought to be insisted upon in
translations from chinese   in      a new edition of capt  calthrop s
translation was published in london  it was an improvement on the
first omissions filled up and numerous mistakes corrected but new
errors were created in the process  dr  giles  in justifying his
translation  wrote   it was not undertaken out of any inflated estimate
of my own powers  but i could not help feeling that sun tz  deserved a
better fate than had befallen him  and i knew that  at any rate  i
could hardly fail to improve on the work of my predecessors  

clearly  dr  giles  work established much of the groundwork for the
work of later translators who published their own editions  of the
later editions of the  art of war  i have examined  two feature giles 
edited translation and notes  the other two present the same basic
information from the ancient chinese commentators found in the giles
edition  of these four  giles       edition is the most scholarly and
presents the reader an incredible amount of information concerning sun
tz  s text  much more than any other translation 

the giles  edition of the  art of war   as stated above  was a
scholarly work  dr  giles was a leading sinologue at the time and an
assistant in the department of oriental printed books and manuscripts
in the british museum  apparently he wanted to produce a definitive
edition  superior to anything else that existed and perhaps something
that would become a standard translation  it was the best translation
available for    years  but apparently there was not much interest in
sun tz  in english speaking countries since it took the start of the
second world war to renew interest in his work  several people
published unsatisfactory english translations of sun tz   in       dr 
giles  translation was edited and published in the united states in a
series of military science books  but it wasn t until      that a good
english translation  by samuel b  griffith and still in print  was
published that was an equal to giles  translation  while this
translation is more lucid than dr  giles  translation  it lacks his
copious notes that make his so interesting 

dr  giles produced a work primarily intended for scholars of the
chinese civilization and language  it contains the chinese text of sun
tz   the english translation  and voluminous notes along with numerous
footnotes  unfortunately  some of his notes and footnotes contain
chinese characters  some are completely chinese  thus  a conversion to
a latin alphabet etext was difficult  i did the conversion in complete
ignorance of chinese  except for what i learned while doing the
conversion   thus  i faced the difficult task of paraphrasing it while
retaining as much of the important text as i could  every paraphrase
represents a loss  thus i did what i could to retain as much of the
text as possible  because the      text contains a chinese concordance 
i was able to transliterate proper names  books  and the like at the
risk of making the text more obscure  however  the text  on the whole 
is quite satisfactory for the casual reader  a transformation made
possible by conversion to an etext  however  i come away from this task
with the feeling of loss because i know that someone with a background
in chinese can do a better job than i did  any such attempt would be
welcomed 

bob sutton



preface by lionel giles

the seventh volume of  m moires concernant l histoire  les sciences 
les arts  les m urs  les usages   c   des chinois  is devoted to the
art of war  and contains  amongst other treatises   les treize articles
de sun tse   translated from the chinese by a jesuit father  joseph
amiot  p re amiot appears to have enjoyed no small reputation as a
sinologue in his day  and the field of his labours was certainly
extensive  but his so called translation of the sun tz   if placed side
by side with the original  is seen at once to be little better than an
imposture  it contains a great deal that sun tz  did not write  and
very little indeed of what he did  here is a fair specimen  taken from
the opening sentences of chapter    

 de l habilet  dans le gouvernement des troupes   sun tse dit   ayez
les noms de tous les officiers tant g n raux que subalternes 
inscrivez les dans un catalogue   part  avec la note des talents   de
la capacit  de chacun d eux  afin de pouvoir les employer avec avantage
lorsque l occasion en sera venue  faites en sorte que tous ceux que
vous devez commander soient persuad s que votre principale attention
est de les pr server de tout dommage  les troupes que vous ferez
avancer contre l ennemi doivent  tre comme des pierres que vous
lanceriez contre des  ufs  de vous   l ennemi il ne doit y avoir
d autre diff rence que celle du fort au faible  du vide au plein 
attaquez   d couvert  mais soyez vainqueur en secret  voil  en peu de
mots en quoi consiste l habilet    toute la perfection m me du
gouvernement des troupes 


throughout the nineteenth century  which saw a wonderful development in
the study of chinese literature  no translator ventured to tackle sun
tz   although his work was known to be highly valued in china as by far
the oldest and best compendium of military science  it was not until
the year      that the first english translation  by capt  e f 
calthrop  r f a   appeared at tokyo under the title  sonshi  the
japanese form of sun tz    unfortunately  it was evident that the
translator s knowledge of chinese was far too scanty to fit him to
grapple with the manifold difficulties of sun tz   he himself plainly
acknowledges that without the aid of two japanese gentlemen  the
accompanying translation would have been impossible   we can only
wonder  then  that with their help it should have been so excessively
bad  it is not merely a question of downright blunders  from which none
can hope to be wholly exempt  omissions were frequent  hard passages
were wilfully distorted or slurred over  such offences are less
pardonable  they would not be tolerated in any edition of a greek or
latin classic  and a similar standard of honesty ought to be insisted
upon in translations from chinese 

from blemishes of this nature  at least  i believe that the present
translation is free  it was not undertaken out of any inflated estimate
of my own powers  but i could not help feeling that sun tz  deserved a
better fate than had befallen him  and i knew that  at any rate  i
could hardly fail to improve on the work of my predecessors  towards
the end of       a new and revised edition of capt  calthrop s
translation was published in london  this time  however  without any
allusion to his japanese collaborators  my first three chapters were
then already in the printer s hands  so that the criticisms of capt 
calthrop therein contained must be understood as referring to his
earlier edition  this is on the whole an improvement on the other 
thought there still remains much that cannot pass muster  some of the
grosser blunders have been rectified and lacunae filled up  but on the
other hand a certain number of new mistakes appear  the very first
sentence of the introduction is startlingly inaccurate  and later on 
while mention is made of  an army of japanese commentators  on sun tz 
 who are these  by the way    not a word is vouchsafed about the
chinese commentators  who nevertheless  i venture to assert  form a
much more numerous and infinitely more important  army  

a few special features of the present volume may now be noticed  in the
first place  the text has been cut up into numbered paragraphs  both in
order to facilitate cross reference and for the convenience of students
generally  the division follows broadly that of sun hsing yen s
edition  but i have sometimes found it desirable to join two or more of
his paragraphs into one  in quoting from other works  chinese writers
seldom give more than the bare title by way of reference  and the task
of research is apt to be seriously hampered in consequence  with a view
to obviating this difficulty so far as sun tz  is concerned  i have
also appended a complete concordance of chinese characters  following
in this the admirable example of legge  though an alphabetical
arrangement has been preferred to the distribution under radicals which
he adopted  another feature borrowed from  the chinese classics  is the
printing of text  translation and notes on the same page  the notes 
however  are inserted  according to the chinese method  immediately
after the passages to which they refer  from the mass of native
commentary my aim has been to extract the cream only  adding the
chinese text here and there when it seemed to present points of
literary interest  though constituting in itself an important branch of
chinese literature  very little commentary of this kind has hitherto
been made directly accessible by translation 

i may say in conclusion that  owing to the printing off of my sheets as
they were completed  the work has not had the benefit of a final
revision  on a review of the whole  without modifying the substance of
my criticisms  i might have been inclined in a few instances to temper
their asperity  having chosen to wield a bludgeon  however  i shall not
cry out if in return i am visited with more than a rap over the
knuckles  indeed  i have been at some pains to put a sword into the
hands of future opponents by scrupulously giving either text or
reference for every passage translated  a scathing review  even from
the pen of the shanghai critic who despises  mere translations   would
not  i must confess  be altogether unwelcome  for  after all  the worst
fate i shall have to dread is that which befell the ingenious paradoxes
of george in  the vicar of wakefield  



introduction

sun wu and his book

ssu ma ch ien gives the following biography of sun tz      


sun tz  wu was a native of the ch i state  his  art of war  brought him
to the notice of ho lu      king of wu  ho lu said to him 

 i have carefully perused your    chapters  may i submit your theory of
managing soldiers to a slight test  

sun tz  replied   you may  

ho lu asked   may the test be applied to women  

the answer was again in the affirmative  so arrangements were made to
bring     ladies out of the palace  sun tz  divided them into two
companies  and placed one of the king s favourite concubines at the head
of each  he then bade them all take spears in their hands  and
addressed them thus   i presume you know the difference between front
and back  right hand and left hand  

the girls replied  yes 

sun tz  went on   when i say  eyes front   you must look straight
ahead  when i say  left turn   you must face towards your left hand 
when i say  right turn   you must face towards your right hand  when i
say  about turn   you must face right round towards your back  

again the girls assented  the words of command having been thus
explained  he set up the halberds and battle axes in order to begin the
drill  then  to the sound of drums  he gave the order  right turn   but
the girls only burst out laughing  sun tz  said   if words of command
are not clear and distinct  if orders are not thoroughly understood 
then the general is to blame  

so he started drilling them again  and this time gave the order  left
turn   whereupon the girls once more burst into fits of laughter  sun
tz    if words of command are not clear and distinct  if orders are not
thoroughly understood  the general is to blame  but if his orders  are 
clear  and the soldiers nevertheless disobey  then it is the fault of
their officers  

so saying  he ordered the leaders of the two companies to be beheaded 
now the king of wu was watching the scene from the top of a raised
pavilion  and when he saw that his favourite concubines were about to be
executed  he was greatly alarmed and hurriedly sent down the following
message   we are now quite satisfied as to our general s ability to
handle troops  if we are bereft of these two concubines  our meat and
drink will lose their savor  it is our wish that they shall not be
beheaded  

sun tz  replied   having once received his majesty s commission to be
the general of his forces  there are certain commands of his majesty
which  acting in that capacity  i am unable to accept  

accordingly  he had the two leaders beheaded  and straightway installed
the pair next in order as leaders in their place  when this had been
done  the drum was sounded for the drill once more  and the girls went
through all the evolutions  turning to the right or to the left 
marching ahead or wheeling back  kneeling or standing  with perfect
accuracy and precision  not venturing to utter a sound  then sun tz 
sent a messenger to the king saying   your soldiers  sire  are now
properly drilled and disciplined  and ready for your majesty s
inspection  they can be put to any use that their sovereign may desire 
bid them go through fire and water  and they will not disobey  

but the king replied   let our general cease drilling and return to
camp  as for us  we have no wish to come down and inspect the troops  

thereupon sun tz  said   the king is only fond of words  and cannot
translate them into deeds  

after that  ho lu saw that sun tz  was one who knew how to handle an
army  and finally appointed him general  in the west  he defeated the
ch u state and forced his way into ying  the capital  to the north he
put fear into the states of ch i and chin  and spread his fame abroad
amongst the feudal princes  and sun tz  shared in the might of the
king 

about sun tz  himself this is all that ssu ma ch ien has to tell us in
this chapter  but he proceeds to give a biography of his descendant 
sun pin  born about a hundred years after his famous ancestor s death 
and also the outstanding military genius of his time  the historian
speaks of him too as sun tz   and in his preface we read   sun tz  had
his feet cut off and yet continued to discuss the art of war       it
seems likely  then  that  pin  was a nickname bestowed on him after his
mutilation  unless the story was invented in order to account for the
name  the crowning incident of his career  the crushing defeat of his
treacherous rival p ang chuan  will be found briefly related in chapter
v        note 

to return to the elder sun tz   he is mentioned in two other passages
of the  shih chi   

in the third year of his reign      b c   ho lu  king of wu  took the
field with tz  hsu  i e  wu yuan  and po p ei  and attacked ch u  he
captured the town of shu and slew the two prince s sons who had
formerly been generals of wu  he was then meditating a descent on ying
 the capital   but the general sun wu said   the army is exhausted  it
is not yet possible  we must wait     after further successful
fighting    in the ninth year      b c    king ho lu addressed wu
tz  hsu and sun wu  saying   formerly  you declared that it was not yet
possible for us to enter ying  is the time ripe now   the two men
replied   ch u s general tz  ch ang      is grasping and covetous  and
the princes of t ang and ts ai both have a grudge against him  if your
majesty has resolved to make a grand attack  you must win over t ang
and ts ai  and then you may succeed   ho lu followed this advice   beat
ch u in five pitched battles and marched into ying      


this is the latest date at which anything is recorded of sun wu  he
does not appear to have survived his patron  who died from the effects
of a wound in      in another chapter there occurs this passage    

from this time onward  a number of famous soldiers arose  one after the
other  kao fan      who was employed by the chin state  wang tzu     
in the service of ch i  and sun wu  in the service of wu  these men
developed and threw light upon the principles of war 


it is obvious enough that ssu ma ch ien at least had no doubt about the
reality of sun wu as an historical personage  and with one exception 
to be noticed presently  he is by far the most important authority on
the period in question  it will not be necessary  therefore  to say
much of such a work as the  wu y eh ch un ch iu   which is supposed to
have been written by chao yeh of the  st century a d  the attribution
is somewhat doubtful  but even if it were otherwise  his account would
be of little value  based as it is on the  shih chi  and expanded with
romantic details  the story of sun tz  will be found  for what it is
worth  in chapter    the only new points in it worth noting are     
sun tz  was first recommended to ho lu by wu tz  hsu      he is called
a native of wu      he had previously lived a retired life  and his
contemporaries were unaware of his ability 

the following passage occurs in the huai nan tz    when sovereign and
ministers show perversity of mind  it is impossible even for a sun tz 
to encounter the foe   assuming that this work is genuine  and hitherto
no doubt has been cast upon it   we have here the earliest direct
reference for sun tz   for huai nan tz  died in     b c   many years
before the  shih chi  was given to the world 

liu hsiang       b c   says   the reason why sun tz  at the head of
       men beat ch u with         is that the latter were
undisciplined  

teng ming shih informs us that the surname  sun  was bestowed on sun
wu s grandfather by duke ching of ch i          b c    sun wu s father
sun p ing  rose to be a minister of state in ch i  and sun wu himself 
whose style was ch ang ch ing  fled to wu on account of the rebellion
which was being fomented by the kindred of t ien pao  he had three
sons  of whom the second  named ming  was the father of sun pin 
according to this account then  pin was the grandson of wu  which 
considering that sun pin s victory over wei was gained in     b c   may
be dismissed as chronologically impossible  whence these data were
obtained by teng ming shih i do not know  but of course no reliance
whatever can be placed in them 

an interesting document which has survived from the close of the han
period is the short preface written by the great ts ao ts ao  or wei wu
ti  for his edition of sun tz   i shall give it in full  


i have heard that the ancients used bows and arrows to their advantage 
     the  lun yu  says   there must be a sufficiency of military
strength   the  shu ching  mentions  the army  among the  eight objects
of government   the  i ching  says    army  indicates firmness and
justice  the experienced leader will have good fortune   the  shih
ching  says   the king rose majestic in his wrath  and he marshalled his
troops   the yellow emperor  t ang the completer and wu wang all used
spears and battle axes in order to succour their generation  the  ssu ma
fa  says   if one man slay another of set purpose  he himself may
rightfully be slain   he who relies solely on warlike measures shall be
exterminated  he who relies solely on peaceful measures shall perish 
instances of this are fu ch ai      on the one hand and yen wang on the
other       in military matters  the sage s rule is normally to keep
the peace  and to move his forces only when occasion requires  he will
not use armed force unless driven to it by necessity 

many books have i read on the subject of war and fighting  but the work
composed by sun wu is the profoundest of them all   sun tz  was a
native of the ch i state  his personal name was wu  he wrote the  art
of war  in    chapters for ho lu  king of wu  its principles were
tested on women  and he was subsequently made a general  he led an army
westwards  crushed the ch u state and entered ying the capital  in the
north  he kept ch i and chin in awe  a hundred years and more after his
time  sun pin lived  he was a descendant of wu        in his treatment
of deliberation and planning  the importance of rapidity in taking the
field       clearness of conception  and depth of design  sun tz 
stands beyond the reach of carping criticism  my contemporaries 
however  have failed to grasp the full meaning of his instructions  and
while putting into practice the smaller details in which his work
abounds  they have overlooked its essential purport  that is the motive
which has led me to outline a rough explanation of the whole 

one thing to be noticed in the above is the explicit statement that the
   chapters were specially composed for king ho lu  this is supported
by the internal evidence of i        in which it seems clear that some
ruler is addressed 

in the bibliographic section of the  han shu   there is an entry which
has given rise to much discussion   the works of sun tz  of wu in   
 p ien   or chapters   with diagrams in    chuan    it is evident that
this cannot be merely the    chapters known to ssu ma ch ien  or those
we possess today  chang shou chieh refers to an edition of sun tz  s
 art of war  of which the     chapters  formed the first  chuan  
adding that there were two other  chuan  besides  this has brought
forth a theory  that the bulk of these    chapters consisted of other
writings of sun tz  we should call them apocryphal similar to the  wen
ta   of which a specimen dealing with the nine situations      is
preserved in the  t ung tien   and another in ho shin s commentary  it
is suggested that before his interview with ho lu  sun tz  had only
written the    chapters  but afterwards composed a sort of exegesis in
the form of question and answer between himself and the king  pi
i hsun  the author of the  sun tz  hsu lu   backs this up with a
quotation from the  wu y eh ch un ch iu    the king of wu summoned sun
tz   and asked him questions about the art of war  each time he set
forth a chapter of his work  the king could not find words enough to
praise him   as he points out  if the whole work was expounded on the
same scale as in the above mentioned fragments  the total number of
chapters could not fail to be considerable  then the numerous other
treatises attributed to sun tz  might be included  the fact that the
 han chih  mentions no work of sun tz  except the     p ien   whereas
the sui and t ang bibliographies give the titles of others in addition
to the     chapters   is good proof  pi i hsun thinks  that all of
these were contained in the     p ien   without pinning our faith to
the accuracy of details supplied by the  wu y eh ch un ch iu   or
admitting the genuineness of any of the treatises cited by pi i hsun 
we may see in this theory a probable solution of the mystery  between
ssu ma ch ien and pan ku there was plenty of time for a luxuriant crop
of forgeries to have grown up under the magic name of sun tz   and the
    p ien  may very well represent a collected edition of these lumped
together with the original work  it is also possible  though less
likely  that some of them existed in the time of the earlier historian
and were purposely ignored by him      

tu mu s conjecture seems to be based on a passage which states   wei wu
ti strung together sun wu s  art of war    which in turn may have
resulted from a misunderstanding of the final words of ts ao king s
preface  this  as sun hsing yen points out  is only a modest way of
saying that he made an explanatory paraphrase  or in other words  wrote
a commentary on it  on the whole  this theory has met with very little
acceptance  thus  the  ssu k u ch uan shu  says   the mention of the   
chapters in the  shih chi  shows that they were in existence before the
 han chih   and that latter accretions are not to be considered part of
the original work  tu mu s assertion can certainly not be taken as
proof  

there is every reason to suppose  then  that the    chapters existed in
the time of ssu ma ch ien practically as we have them now  that the
work was then well known he tells us in so many words   sun tz  s    
chapters  and wu ch i s  art of war  are the two books that people
commonly refer to on the subject of military matters  both of them are
widely distributed  so i will not discuss them here   but as we go
further back  serious difficulties begin to arise  the salient fact
which has to be faced is that the  tso chuan   the greatest
contemporary record  makes no mention whatsoever of sun wu  either as a
general or as a writer  it is natural  in view of this awkward
circumstance  that many scholars should not only cast doubt on the
story of sun wu as given in the  shih chi   but even show themselves
frankly skeptical as to the existence of the man at all  the most
powerful presentment of this side of the case is to be found in the
following disposition by yeh shui hsin       


it is stated in ssu ma ch ien s history that sun wu was a native of the
ch i state  and employed by wu  and that in the reign of ho lu he
crushed ch u  entered ying  and was a great general  but in tso s
commentary no sun wu appears at all  it is true that tso s commentary
need not contain absolutely everything that other histories contain 
but tso has not omitted to mention vulgar plebeians and hireling
ruffians such as ying k ao shu       ts ao kuei        chu chih wu and
chuan she chu       in the case of sun wu  whose fame and achievements
were so brilliant  the omission is much more glaring  again  details
are given  in their due order  about his contemporaries wu yuan and the
minister p ei       is it credible that sun wu alone should have been
passed over 

in point of literary style  sun tz  s work belongs to the same school
as  kuan tz          liu t ao        and the  y eh yu       and may
have been the production of some private scholar living towards the end
of the  spring and autumn  or the beginning of the  warring states 
period       the story that his precepts were actually applied by the
wu state  is merely the outcome of big talk on the part of his
followers 

from the flourishing period of the chou dynasty      down to the time
of the  spring and autumn   all military commanders were statesmen as
well  and the class of professional generals  for conducting external
campaigns  did not then exist  it was not until the period of the  six
states       that this custom changed  now although wu was an
uncivilized state  it is conceivable that tso should have left
unrecorded the fact that sun wu was a great general and yet held no
civil office  what we are told  therefore  about jang chu      and sun
wu  is not authentic matter  but the reckless fabrication of theorizing
pundits  the story of ho lu s experiment on the women  in particular 
is utterly preposterous and incredible 

yeh shui hsin represents ssu ma ch ien as having said that sun wu
crushed ch u and entered ying  this is not quite correct  no doubt the
impression left on the reader s mind is that he at least shared in
these exploits  the fact may or may not be significant  but it is
nowhere explicitly stated in the  shih chi  either that sun tz  was
general on the occasion of the taking of ying  or that he even went
there at all  moreover  as we know that wu yuan and po p ei both took
part in the expedition  and also that its success was largely due to
the dash and enterprise of fu kai  ho lu s younger brother  it is not
easy to see how yet another general could have played a very prominent
part in the same campaign 

ch en chen sun of the sung dynasty has the note  

military writers look upon sun wu as the father of their art  but the
fact that he does not appear in the  tso chuan   although he is said to
have served under ho lu king of wu  makes it uncertain what period he
really belonged to 


he also says  

the works of sun wu and wu ch i may be of genuine antiquity 


it is noticeable that both yeh shui hsin and ch en chen sun  while
rejecting the personality of sun wu as he figures in ssu ma ch ien s
history  are inclined to accept the date traditionally assigned to the
work which passes under his name  the author of the  hsu lu  fails to
appreciate this distinction  and consequently his bitter attack on
ch en chen sun really misses its mark  he makes one of two points 
however  which certainly tell in favour of the high antiquity of our    
chapters    sun tz    he says   must have lived in the age of ching
wang            because he is frequently plagiarized in subsequent
works of the chou  ch in and han dynasties   the two most shameless
offenders in this respect are wu ch i and huai nan tz   both of them
important historical personages in their day  the former lived only a
century after the alleged date of sun tz   and his death is known to
have taken place in     b c  it was to him  according to liu hsiang 
that tseng shen delivered the  tso chuan   which had been entrusted to
him by its author       now the fact that quotations from the  art of
war   acknowledged or otherwise  are to be found in so many authors of
different epochs  establishes a very strong anterior to them all  in
other words  that sun tz  s treatise was already in existence towards
the end of the  th century b c  further proof of sun tz  s antiquity is
furnished by the archaic or wholly obsolete meanings attaching to a
number of the words he uses  a list of these  which might perhaps be
extended  is given in the  hsu lu   and though some of the
interpretations are doubtful  the main argument is hardly affected
thereby  again  it must not be forgotten that yeh shui hsin  a scholar
and critic of the first rank  deliberately pronounces the style of the
   chapters to belong to the early part of the fifth century  seeing
that he is actually engaged in an attempt to disprove the existence of
sun wu himself  we may be sure that he would not have hesitated to
assign the work to a later date had he not honestly believed the
contrary  and it is precisely on such a point that the judgment of an
educated chinaman will carry most weight  other internal evidence is
not far to seek  thus in xiii       there is an unmistakable allusion
to the ancient system of land tenure which had already passed away by
the time of mencius  who was anxious to see it revived in a modified
form       the only warfare sun tz  knows is that carried on between
the various feudal princes  in which armored chariots play a large
part  their use seems to have entirely died out before the end of the
chou dynasty  he speaks as a man of wu  a state which ceased to exist
as early as     b c  on this i shall touch presently 

but once refer the work to the  th century or earlier  and the chances
of its being other than a  bon  fide  production are sensibly
diminished  the great age of forgeries did not come until long after 
that it should have been forged in the period immediately following    
is particularly unlikely  for no one  as a rule  hastens to identify
himself with a lost cause  as for yeh shui hsin s theory  that the
author was a literary recluse  that seems to me quite untenable  if one
thing is more apparent than another after reading the maxims of sun
tz   it is that their essence has been distilled from a large store of
personal observation and experience  they reflect the mind not only of
a born strategist  gifted with a rare faculty of generalization  but
also of a practical soldier closely acquainted with the military
conditions of his time  to say nothing of the fact that these sayings
have been accepted and endorsed by all the greatest captains of chinese
history  they offer a combination of freshness and sincerity  acuteness
and common sense  which quite excludes the idea that they were
artificially concocted in the study  if we admit  then  that the   
chapters were the genuine production of a military man living towards
the end of the   ch un ch iu   period  are we not bound  in spite of
the silence of the  tso chuan   to accept ssu ma ch ien s account in
its entirety  in view of his high repute as a sober historian  must we
not hesitate to assume that the records he drew upon for sun wu s
biography were false and untrustworthy  the answer  i fear  must be in
the negative  there is still one grave  if not fatal  objection to the
chronology involved in the story as told in the  shih chi   which  so
far as i am aware  nobody has yet pointed out  there are two passages
in sun tz  in which he alludes to contemporary affairs  the first in in
vi        

though according to my estimate the soldiers of y eh exceed our own in
number  that shall advantage them nothing in the matter of victory  i
say then that victory can be achieved 


the other is in xi        

asked if an army can be made to imitate the  shuai jan   i should
answer  yes  for the men of wu and the men of y eh are enemies  yet if
they are crossing a river in the same boat and are caught by a storm 
they will come to each other s assistance just as the left hand helps
the right 


these two paragraphs are extremely valuable as evidence of the date of
composition  they assign the work to the period of the struggle between
wu and y eh  so much has been observed by pi i hsun  but what has
hitherto escaped notice is that they also seriously impair the
credibility of ssu ma ch ien s narrative  as we have seen above  the
first positive date given in connection with sun wu is     b c  he is
then spoken of as a general  acting as confidential adviser to ho lu 
so that his alleged introduction to that monarch had already taken
place  and of course the    chapters must have been written earlier
still  but at that time  and for several years after  down to the
capture of ying in      ch u and not y eh  was the great hereditary
enemy of wu  the two states  ch u and wu  had been constantly at war
for over half a century       whereas the first war between wu and y eh
was waged only in           and even then was no more than a short
interlude sandwiched in the midst of the fierce struggle with ch u  now
ch u is not mentioned in the    chapters at all  the natural inference
is that they were written at a time when y eh had become the prime
antagonist of wu  that is  after ch u had suffered the great
humiliation of      at this point  a table of dates may be found
useful 


b c 
   	accession of ho lu 
   	ho lu attacks ch u  but is dissuaded from entering ying 
the capital  shih chi mentions sun wu as general 
   	another attack on ch u 
   	wu makes a successful attack on y eh  this is the first
war between the two states 
    or    	ch u invades wu  but is signally defeated at yu chang 
   	ho lu attacks ch u with the aid of t ang and ts ai 
decisive battle of po chu  and capture of ying  last
mention of sun wu in shih chi 
   	y eh makes a raid on wu in the absence of its army  wu
is beaten by ch in and evacuates ying 
   	ho lu sends fu ch ai to attack ch u 
   	kou chien becomes king of y eh 
   	wu attacks y eh  but is defeated by kou chien at tsui li 
ho lu is killed 
   	fu ch ai defeats kou chien in the great battle of fu 
chaio  and enters the capital of y eh 
    or    	kou chien renders homage to wu  death of wu tz  hsu 
   	kou chien invades wu in the absence of fu ch ai 
    to    	further attacks by y eh on wu 
   	kou chien lays siege to the capital of wu 
   	final defeat and extinction of wu 


the sentence quoted above from vi       hardly strikes me as one that
could have been written in the full flush of victory  it seems rather
to imply that  for the moment at least  the tide had turned against wu 
and that she was getting the worst of the struggle  hence we may
conclude that our treatise was not in existence in      before which
date y eh does not appear to have scored any notable success against
wu  ho lu died in      so that if the book was written for him  it must
have been during the period          when there was a lull in the
hostilities  wu having presumably exhausted by its supreme effort
against ch u  on the other hand  if we choose to disregard the
tradition connecting sun wu s name with ho lu  it might equally well
have seen the light between     and      or possibly in the period
         when y eh was once again becoming a very serious menace      
we may feel fairly certain that the author  whoever he may have been 
was not a man of any great eminence in his own day  on this point the
negative testimony of the  tso chuan  far outweighs any shred of
authority still attaching to the  shih chi   if once its other facts
are discredited  sun hsing yen  however  makes a feeble attempt to
explain the omission of his name from the great commentary  it was wu
tz  hsu  he says  who got all the credit of sun wu s exploits  because
the latter  being an alien  was not rewarded with an office in the
state 

how then did the sun tz  legend originate  it may be that the growing
celebrity of the book imparted by degrees a kind of factitious renown
to its author  it was felt to be only right and proper that one so well
versed in the science of war should have solid achievements to his
credit as well  now the capture of ying was undoubtedly the greatest
feat of arms in ho lu s reign  it made a deep and lasting impression on
all the surrounding states  and raised wu to the short lived zenith of
her power  hence  what more natural  as time went on  than that the
acknowledged master of strategy  sun wu  should be popularly identified
with that campaign  at first perhaps only in the sense that his brain
conceived and planned it  afterwards  that it was actually carried out
by him in conjunction with wu yuan       po p ei and fu kai 

it is obvious that any attempt to reconstruct even the outline of sun
tz  s life must be based almost wholly on conjecture  with this
necessary proviso  i should say that he probably entered the service of
wu about the time of ho lu s accession  and gathered experience  though
only in the capacity of a subordinate officer  during the intense
military activity which marked the first half of the prince s reign 
     if he rose to be a general at all  he certainly was never on an
equal footing with the three above mentioned  he was doubtless present
at the investment and occupation of ying  and witnessed wu s sudden
collapse in the following year  y eh s attack at this critical
juncture  when her rival was embarrassed on every side  seems to have
convinced him that this upstart kingdom was the great enemy against
whom every effort would henceforth have to be directed  sun wu was thus
a well seasoned warrior when he sat down to write his famous book 
which according to my reckoning must have appeared towards the end 
rather than the beginning of ho lu s reign  the story of the women may
possibly have grown out of some real incident occurring about the same
time  as we hear no more of sun wu after this from any source  he is
hardly likely to have survived his patron or to have taken part in the
death struggle with y eh  which began with the disaster at tsui li 

if these inferences are approximately correct  there is a certain irony
in the fate which decreed that china s most illustrious man of peace
should be contemporary with her greatest writer on war 



the text of sun tz 

i have found it difficult to glean much about the history of sun tz  s
text  the quotations that occur in early authors go to show that the
    chapters  of which ssu ma ch ien speaks were essentially the same
as those now extant  we have his word for it that they were widely
circulated in his day  and can only regret that he refrained from
discussing them on that account  sun hsing yen says in his preface  

during the ch in and han dynasties sun tz  s  art of war  was in
general use amongst military commanders  but they seem to have treated
it as a work of mysterious import  and were unwilling to expound it for
the benefit of posterity  thus it came about that wei wu was the first
to write a commentary on it 


as we have already seen  there is no reasonable ground to suppose that
ts ao kung tampered with the text  but the text itself is often so
obscure  and the number of editions which appeared from that time
onward so great  especially during the t ang and sung dynasties  that
it would be surprising if numerous corruptions had not managed to creep
in  towards the middle of the sung period  by which time all the chief
commentaries on sun tz  were in existence  a certain chi t ien pao
published a work in     chuan  entitled  sun tz  with the collected
commentaries of ten writers   there was another text  with variant
readings put forward by chu fu of ta hsing  which also had supporters
among the scholars of that period  but in the ming editions  sun
hsing yen tells us  these readings were for some reason or other no
longer put into circulation  thus  until the end of the   th century 
the text in sole possession of the field was one derived from chi
t ien pao s edition  although no actual copy of that important work was
known to have survived  that  therefore  is the text of sun tz  which
appears in the war section of the great imperial encyclopedia printed
in       the  ku chin t u shu chi ch eng   another copy at my disposal
of what is practically the same text  with slight variations  is that
contained in the  eleven philosophers of the chou and ch in dynasties 
        and the chinese printed in capt  calthrop s first edition is
evidently a similar version which has filtered through japanese
channels  so things remained until sun hsing yen              a
distinguished antiquarian and classical scholar  who claimed to be an
actual descendant of sun wu       accidentally discovered a copy of chi
t ien pao s long lost work  when on a visit to the library of the
hua yin temple       appended to it was the  i shuo  of cheng yu hsien 
mentioned in the  t ung chih   and also believed to have perished  this
is what sun hsing yen designates as the  original edition  or text   a
rather misleading name  for it cannot by any means claim to set before
us the text of sun tz  in its pristine purity  chi t ien pao was a
careless compiler  and appears to have been content to reproduce the
somewhat debased version current in his day  without troubling to
collate it with the earliest editions then available  fortunately  two
versions of sun tz   even older than the newly discovered work  were
still extant  one buried in the  t ung tien   tu yu s great treatise on
the constitution  the other similarly enshrined in the  t ai p ing yu
lan  encyclopedia  in both the complete text is to be found  though
split up into fragments  intermixed with other matter  and scattered
piecemeal over a number of different sections  considering that the  yu
lan  takes us back to the year      and the  t ung tien  about    
years further still  to the middle of the t ang dynasty  the value of
these early transcripts of sun tz  can hardly be overestimated  yet the
idea of utilizing them does not seem to have occurred to anyone until
sun hsing yen  acting under government instructions  undertook a
thorough recension of the text  this is his own account  

because of the numerous mistakes in the text of sun tz  which his
editors had handed down  the government ordered that the ancient
edition  of chi t ien pao  should be used  and that the text should be
revised and corrected throughout  it happened that wu nien hu  the
governor pi kua  and hsi  a graduate of the second degree  had all
devoted themselves to this study  probably surpassing me therein 
accordingly  i have had the whole work cut on blocks as a textbook for
military men 


the three individuals here referred to had evidently been occupied on
the text of sun tz  prior to sun hsing yen s commission  but we are
left in doubt as to the work they really accomplished  at any rate  the
new edition  when ultimately produced  appeared in the names of sun
hsing yen and only one co editor wu jen shi  they took the  original
edition  as their basis  and by careful comparison with older versions 
as well as the extant commentaries and other sources of information
such as the  i shuo   succeeded in restoring a very large number of
doubtful passages  and turned out  on the whole  what must be accepted
as the closest approximation we are ever likely to get to sun tz  s
original work  this is what will hereafter be denominated the  standard
text  

the copy which i have used belongs to a reissue dated       it is in  
 pen   forming part of a well printed set of    early philosophical
works in     pen        it opens with a preface by sun hsing yen
 largely quoted in this introduction   vindicating the traditional view
of sun tz  s life and performances  and summing up in remarkably
concise fashion the evidence in its favour  this is followed by ts ao
kung s preface to his edition  and the biography of sun tz  from the
 shih chi   both translated above  then come  firstly  cheng yu hsien s
 i shuo        with author s preface  and next  a short miscellany of
historical and bibliographical information entitled  sun tz  hsu lu  
compiled by pi i hsun  as regards the body of the work  each separate
sentence is followed by a note on the text  if required  and then by
the various commentaries appertaining to it  arranged in chronological
order  these we shall now proceed to discuss briefly  one by one 



the commentators

sun tz  can boast an exceptionally long distinguished roll of
commentators  which would do honour to any classic  ou yang hsiu remarks
on this fact  though he wrote before the tale was complete  and rather
ingeniously explains it by saying that the artifices of war  being
inexhaustible  must therefore be susceptible of treatment in a great
variety of ways 

   ts ao ts ao or ts ao kung  afterwards known as wei wu ti  a d 
          there is hardly any room for doubt that the earliest
commentary on sun tz  actually came from the pen of this extraordinary
man  whose biography in the  san kuo chih  reads like a romance  one of
the greatest military geniuses that the world has seen  and napoleonic
in the scale of his operations  he was especially famed for the
marvelous rapidity of his marches  which has found expression in the
line  talk of ts ao ts ao  and ts ao ts ao will appear   ou yang hsiu
says of him that he was a great captain who  measured his strength
against tung cho  lu pu and the two yuan  father and son  and
vanquished them all  whereupon he divided the empire of han with wu and
shu  and made himself king  it is recorded that whenever a council of
war was held by wei on the eve of a far reaching campaign  he had all
his calculations ready  those generals who made use of them did not
lose one battle in ten  those who ran counter to them in any particular
saw their armies incontinently beaten and put to flight   ts ao kung s
notes on sun tz   models of austere brevity  are so thoroughly
characteristic of the stern commander known to history  that it is hard
indeed to conceive of them as the work of a mere  litt rateur  
sometimes  indeed  owing to extreme compression  they are scarcely
intelligible and stand no less in need of a commentary than the text
itself      

   meng shih  the commentary which has come down to us under this name
is comparatively meager  and nothing about the author is known  even
his personal name has not been recorded  chi t ien pao s edition places
him after chia lin  and ch ao kung wu also assigns him to the t ang
dynasty       but this is a mistake  in sun hsing yen s preface  he
appears as meng shih of the liang dynasty            others would
identify him with meng k ang of the  rd century  he is named in one
work as the last of the  five commentators   the others being wei wu
ti  tu mu  ch en hao and chia lin 

   li ch uan of the  th century was a well known writer on military
tactics  one of his works has been in constant use down to the present
day  the  t ung chih  mentions  lives of famous generals from the chou
to the t ang dynasty  as written by him       according to ch ao
kung wu and the  t ien i ko  catalogue  he followed a variant of the
text of sun tz  which differs considerably from those now extant  his
notes are mostly short and to the point  and he frequently illustrates
his remarks by anecdotes from chinese history 

   tu yu  died      did not publish a separate commentary on sun tz  
his notes being taken from the  t ung tien   the encyclopedic treatise
on the constitution which was his life work  they are largely
repetitions of ts ao kung and meng shih  besides which it is believed
that he drew on the ancient commentaries of wang ling and others  owing
to the peculiar arrangement of  t ung tien   he has to explain each
passage on its merits  apart from the context  and sometimes his own
explanation does not agree with that of ts ao kung  whom he always
quotes first  though not strictly to be reckoned as one of the  ten
commentators   he was added to their number by chi t ien pao  being
wrongly placed after his grandson tu mu 

   tu mu           is perhaps the best known as a poet a bright star
even in the glorious galaxy of the t ang period  we learn from ch ao
kung wu that although he had no practical experience of war  he was
extremely fond of discussing the subject  and was moreover well read in
the military history of the  ch un ch iu  and  chan kuo  eras  his
notes  therefore  are well worth attention  they are very copious  and
replete with historical parallels  the gist of sun tz  s work is thus
summarized by him   practice benevolence and justice  but on the other
hand make full use of artifice and measures of expediency   he further
declared that all the military triumphs and disasters of the thousand
years which had elapsed since sun tz  s death would  upon examination 
be found to uphold and corroborate  in every particular  the maxims
contained in his book  tu mu s somewhat spiteful charge against ts ao
kung has already been considered elsewhere 

   ch en hao appears to have been a contemporary of tu mu  ch ao
kung wu says that he was impelled to write a new commentary on sun tz 
because ts ao kung s on the one hand was too obscure and subtle  and
that of tu mu on the other too long winded and diffuse  ou yang hsiu 
writing in the middle of the   th century  calls ts ao kung  tu mu and
ch en hao the three chief commentators on sun tz   and observes that
ch en hao is continually attacking tu mu s shortcomings  his
commentary  though not lacking in merit  must rank below those of his
predecessors 

   chia lin is known to have lived under the t ang dynasty  for his
commentary on sun tz  is mentioned in the  t ang shu  and was
afterwards republished by chi hsieh of the same dynasty together with
those of meng shih and tu yu  it is of somewhat scanty texture  and in
point of quality  too  perhaps the least valuable of the eleven 

   mei yao ch en              commonly known by his  style  as mei
sheng yu  was  like tu mu  a poet of distinction  his commentary was
published with a laudatory preface by the great ou yang hsiu  from
which we may cull the following  

later scholars have misread sun tz   distorting his words and trying to
make them square with their own one sided views  thus  though
commentators have not been lacking  only a few have proved equal to the
task  my friend sheng yu has not fallen into this mistake  in
attempting to provide a critical commentary for sun tz  s work  he does
not lose sight of the fact that these sayings were intended for states
engaged in internecine warfare  that the author is not concerned with
the military conditions prevailing under the sovereigns of the three
ancient dynasties       nor with the nine punitive measures prescribed
to the minister of war       again  sun wu loved brevity of diction 
but his meaning is always deep  whether the subject be marching an
army  or handling soldiers  or estimating the enemy  or controlling the
forces of victory  it is always systematically treated  the sayings are
bound together in strict logical sequence  though this has been
obscured by commentators who have probably failed to grasp their
meaning  in his own commentary  mei sheng yu has brushed aside all the
obstinate prejudices of these critics  and has tried to bring out the
true meaning of sun tz  himself  in this way  the clouds of confusion
have been dispersed and the sayings made clear  i am convinced that the
present work deserves to be handed down side by side with the three
great commentaries  and for a great deal that they find in the sayings 
coming generations will have constant reason to thank my friend
sheng yu 


making some allowance for the exuberance of friendship  i am inclined
to endorse this favourable judgment  and would certainly place him above
ch en hao in order of merit 

   wang hsi  also of the sung dynasty  is decidedly original in some of
his interpretations  but much less judicious than mei yao ch en  and on
the whole not a very trustworthy guide  he is fond of comparing his own
commentary with that of ts ao kung  but the comparison is not often
flattering to him  we learn from ch ao kung wu that wang hsi revised
the ancient text of sun tz   filling up lacunae and correcting
mistakes      

    ho yen hsi of the sung dynasty  the personal name of this
commentator is given as above by cheng ch iao in the  tung chih  
written about the middle of the twelfth century  but he appears simply
as ho shih in the  yu hai   and ma tuan lin quotes ch ao kung wu as
saying that his personal name is unknown  there seems to be no reason
to doubt cheng ch iao s statement  otherwise i should have been
inclined to hazard a guess and identify him with one ho ch u fei  the
author of a short treatise on war  who lived in the latter part of the
  th century  ho shih s commentary  in the words of the  t ien i ko 
catalogue   contains helpful additions  here and there  but is chiefly
remarkable for the copious extracts taken  in adapted form  from the
dynastic histories and other sources 

    chang yu  the list closes with a commentator of no great
originality perhaps  but gifted with admirable powers of lucid
exposition  his commentator is based on that of ts ao kung  whose terse
sentences he contrives to expand and develop in masterly fashion 
without chang yu  it is safe to say that much of ts ao kung s
commentary would have remained cloaked in its pristine obscurity and
therefore valueless  his work is not mentioned in the sung history  the
 t ung k ao   or the  yu hai   but it finds a niche in the  t ung
chih   which also names him as the author of the  lives of famous
generals       

it is rather remarkable that the last named four should all have
flourished within so short a space of time  ch ao kung wu accounts for
it by saying   during the early years of the sung dynasty the empire
enjoyed a long spell of peace  and men ceased to practice the art of
war  but when  chao  yuan hao s rebellion came           and the
frontier generals were defeated time after time  the court made
strenuous inquiry for men skilled in war  and military topics became
the vogue amongst all the high officials  hence it is that the
commentators of sun tz  in our dynasty belong mainly to that period 
    

besides these eleven commentators  there are several others whose work
has not come down to us  the  sui shu  mentions four  namely wang ling
 often quoted by tu yu as wang tz    chang tz  shang  chia hsu of wei 
     and shen yu of wu  the  t ang shu  adds sun hao  and the  t ung
chih  hsiao chi  while the  t u shu  mentions a ming commentator  huang
jun yu  it is possible that some of these may have been merely
collectors and editors of other commentaries  like chi t ien pao and
chi hsieh  mentioned above 



appreciations of sun tz 

sun tz  has exercised a potent fascination over the minds of some of
china s greatest men  among the famous generals who are known to have
studied his pages with enthusiasm may be mentioned han hsin   d      
b c         feng i   d      a d         lu meng   d              and yo
fei                   the opinion of ts ao kung  who disputes with han
hsin the highest place in chinese military annals  has already been
recorded       still more remarkable  in one way  is the testimony of
purely literary men  such as su hsun  the father of su tung p o   who
wrote several essays on military topics  all of which owe their chief
inspiration to sun tz   the following short passage by him is preserved
in the  yu hai        

sun wu s saying  that in war one cannot make certain of conquering 
     is very different indeed from what other books tell us       wu
ch i was a man of the same stamp as sun wu  they both wrote books on
war  and they are linked together in popular speech as  sun and wu  
but wu ch i s remarks on war are less weighty  his rules are rougher
and more crudely stated  and there is not the same unity of plan as in
sun tz  s work  where the style is terse  but the meaning fully brought
out 


the following is an extract from the  impartial judgments in the garden
of literature  by cheng hou  

sun tz  s    chapters are not only the staple and base of all military
men s training  but also compel the most careful attention of scholars
and men of letters  his sayings are terse yet elegant  simple yet
profound  perspicuous and eminently practical  such works as the  lun
yu   the  i ching  and the great commentary       as well as the
writings of mencius  hsun k uang and yang chu  all fall below the level
of sun tz  


chu hsi  commenting on this  fully admits the first part of the
criticism  although he dislikes the audacious comparison with the
venerated classical works  language of this sort  he says   encourages
a ruler s bent towards unrelenting warfare and reckless militarism  



apologies for war

accustomed as we are to think of china as the greatest peace loving
nation on earth  we are in some danger of forgetting that her
experience of war in all its phases has also been such as no modern
state can parallel  her long military annals stretch back to a point at
which they are lost in the mists of time  she had built the great wall
and was maintaining a huge standing army along her frontier centuries
before the first roman legionary was seen on the danube  what with the
perpetual collisions of the ancient feudal states  the grim conflicts
with huns  turks and other invaders after the centralization of
government  the terrific upheavals which accompanied the overthrow of
so many dynasties  besides the countless rebellions and minor
disturbances that have flamed up and flickered out again one by one  it
is hardly too much to say that the clash of arms has never ceased to
resound in one portion or another of the empire 

no less remarkable is the succession of illustrious captains to whom
china can point with pride  as in all countries  the greatest are fond
of emerging at the most fateful crises of her history  thus  po ch i
stands out conspicuous in the period when ch in was entering upon her
final struggle with the remaining independent states  the stormy years
which followed the break up of the ch in dynasty are illuminated by the
transcendent genius of han hsin  when the house of han in turn is
tottering to its fall  the great and baleful figure of ts ao ts ao
dominates the scene  and in the establishment of the t ang dynasty  one
of the mightiest tasks achieved by man  the superhuman energy of li
shih min  afterwards the emperor t ai tsung  was seconded by the
brilliant strategy of li ching  none of these generals need fear
comparison with the greatest names in the military history of europe 

in spite of all this  the great body of chinese sentiment  from lao tz 
downwards  and especially as reflected in the standard literature of
confucianism  has been consistently pacific and intensely opposed to
militarism in any form  it is such an uncommon thing to find any of the
literati defending warfare on principle  that i have thought it worth
while to collect and translate a few passages in which the unorthodox
view is upheld  the following  by ssu ma ch ien  shows that for all his
ardent admiration of confucius  he was yet no advocate of peace at any
price  

military weapons are the means used by the sage to punish violence and
cruelty  to give peace to troublous times  to remove difficulties and
dangers  and to succour those who are in peril  every animal with blood
in its veins and horns on its head will fight when it is attacked  how
much more so will man  who carries in his breast the faculties of love
and hatred  joy and anger  when he is pleased  a feeling of affection
springs up within him  when angry  his poisoned sting is brought into
play  that is the natural law which governs his being   what then shall
be said of those scholars of our time  blind to all great issues  and
without any appreciation of relative values  who can only bark out
their stale formulas about  virtue  and  civilization   condemning the
use of military weapons  they will surely bring our country to
impotence and dishonour and the loss of her rightful heritage  or  at
the very least  they will bring about invasion and rebellion  sacrifice
of territory and general enfeeblement  yet they obstinately refuse to
modify the position they have taken up  the truth is that  just as in
the family the teacher must not spare the rod  and punishments cannot
be dispensed with in the state  so military chastisement can never be
allowed to fall into abeyance in the empire  all one can say is that
this power will be exercised wisely by some  foolishly by others  and
that among those who bear arms some will be loyal and others
rebellious      


the next piece is taken from tu mu s preface to his commentary on sun
tz   


war may be defined as punishment  which is one of the functions of
government  it was the profession of chung yu and jan ch iu  both
disciples of confucius  nowadays  the holding of trials and hearing of
litigation  the imprisonment of offenders and their execution by
flogging in the market place  are all done by officials  but the
wielding of huge armies  the throwing down of fortified cities  the
hauling of women and children into captivity  and the beheading of
traitors this is also work which is done by officials  the objects of
the rack and of military weapons are essentially the same  there is no
intrinsic difference between the punishment of flogging and cutting off
heads in war  for the lesser infractions of law  which are easily dealt
with  only a small amount of force need be employed  hence the use of
military weapons and wholesale decapitation  in both cases  however 
the end in view is to get rid of wicked people  and to give comfort and
relief to the good  

chi sun asked jan yu  saying   have you  sir  acquired your military
aptitude by study  or is it innate   jan yu replied   it has been
acquired by study         how can that be so   said chi sun   seeing
that you are a disciple of confucius    it is a fact   replied jan yu 
 i was taught by confucius  it is fitting that the great sage should
exercise both civil and military functions  though to be sure my
instruction in the art of fighting has not yet gone very far  

now  who the author was of this rigid distinction between the  civil 
and the  military   and the limitation of each to a separate sphere of
action  or in what year of which dynasty it was first introduced  is
more than i can say  but  at any rate  it has come about that the
members of the governing class are quite afraid of enlarging on
military topics  or do so only in a shamefaced manner  if any are bold
enough to discuss the subject  they are at once set down as eccentric
individuals of coarse and brutal propensities  this is an extraordinary
instance in which  through sheer lack of reasoning  men unhappily lose
sight of fundamental principles 

when the duke of chou was minister under ch eng wang  he regulated
ceremonies and made music  and venerated the arts of scholarship and
learning  yet when the barbarians of the river huai revolted       he
sallied forth and chastised them  when confucius held office under the
duke of lu  and a meeting was convened at chia ku       he said   if
pacific negotiations are in progress  warlike preparations should have
been made beforehand   he rebuked and shamed the marquis of ch i  who
cowered under him and dared not proceed to violence  how can it be said
that these two great sages had no knowledge of military matters 

we have seen that the great chu hsi held sun tz  in high esteem  he
also appeals to the authority of the classics  

our master confucius  answering duke ling of wei  said   i have never
studied matters connected with armies and battalions        replying to
k ung wen tzu  he said  i have not been instructed about buff coats and
weapons   but if we turn to the meeting at chia ku  we find that he
used armed force against the men of lai  so that the marquis of ch i
was overawed  again  when the inhabitants of pi revolted  he ordered
his officers to attack them  whereupon they were defeated and fled in
confusion  he once uttered the words   if i fight  i conquer        and
jan yu also said   the sage exercises both civil and military
functions        can it be a fact that confucius never studied or
received instruction in the art of war  we can only say that he did not
specially choose matters connected with armies and fighting to be the
subject of his teaching 


sun hsing yen  the editor of sun tz   writes in similar strain  


confucius said   i am unversed in military matters        he also said 
 if i fight  i conquer   confucius ordered ceremonies and regulated
music  now war constitutes one of the five classes of state ceremonial 
     and must not be treated as an independent branch of study  hence 
the words  i am unversed in  must be taken to mean that there are
things which even an inspired teacher does not know  those who have to
lead an army and devise stratagems  must learn the art of war  but if
one can command the services of a good general like sun tz   who was
employed by wu tz  hsu  there is no need to learn it oneself  hence the
remark added by confucius   if i fight  i conquer  

the men of the present day  however  willfully interpret these words of
confucius in their narrowest sense  as though he meant that books on
the art of war were not worth reading  with blind persistency  they
adduce the example of chao kua  who pored over his father s books to no
purpose       as a proof that all military theory is useless  again 
seeing that books on war have to do with such things as opportunism in
designing plans  and the conversion of spies  they hold that the art is
immoral and unworthy of a sage  these people ignore the fact that the
studies of our scholars and the civil administration of our officials
also require steady application and practice before efficiency is
reached  the ancients were particularly chary of allowing mere novices
to botch their work       weapons are baneful      and fighting
perilous  and useless unless a general is in constant practice  he
ought not to hazard other men s lives in battle       hence it is
essential that sun tz  s    chapters should be studied 

hsiang liang used to instruct his nephew chi      in the art of war 
chi got a rough idea of the art in its general bearings  but would not
pursue his studies to their proper outcome  the consequence being that
he was finally defeated and overthrown  he did not realize that the
tricks and artifices of war are beyond verbal computation  duke hsiang
of sung and king yen of hsu were brought to destruction by their
misplaced humanity  the treacherous and underhand nature of war
necessitates the use of guile and stratagem suited to the occasion 
there is a case on record of confucius himself having violated an
extorted oath       and also of his having left the sung state in
disguise       can we then recklessly arraign sun tz  for disregarding
truth and honesty 



bibliography

the following are the oldest chinese treatises on war  after sun tz  
the notes on each have been drawn principally from the  ssu k u ch uan
shu chien ming mu lu   ch     fol     sqq 

    wu tz    in    chuan  or   chapters  by wu ch i   d       b c    a
genuine work  see  shih chi   ch     

    ssu ma fa   in    chuan  or   chapters  wrongly attributed to
ssu ma jang chu of the  th century b c  its date  however  must be
early  as the customs of the three ancient dynasties are constantly to
be met within its pages  see  shih chi   ch     

the  ssu k u ch uan shu   ch      f     remarks that the oldest three
treatises on war   sun tz     wu tz   and  ssu ma fa   are  generally
speaking  only concerned with things strictly military the art of
producing  collecting  training and drilling troops  and the correct
theory with regard to measures of expediency  laying plans  transport
of goods and the handling of soldiers in strong contrast to later
works  in which the science of war is usually blended with metaphysics 
divination and magical arts in general 

    liu t ao   in    chuan   or    chapters  attributed to lu wang  or
lu shang  also known as t ai kung  of the   th century b c       but
its style does not belong to the era of the three dynasties  lu te ming
         a d   mentions the work  and enumerates the headings of the
six sections so that the forgery cannot have been later than sui
dynasty 

    wei liao tz    in    chuan   attributed to wei liao   th cent 
b c    who studied under the famous kuei ku tz   the work appears to
have been originally in    chapters  whereas the text we possess
contains only     its matter is sound enough in the main  though the
strategical devices differ considerably from those of the warring
states period  it is been furnished with a commentary by the well known
sung philosopher chang tsai 

    san lueh  in    chuan   attributed to huang shih kung  a legendary
personage who is said to have bestowed it on chang liang   d      
b c   in an interview on a bridge  but here again  the style is not
that of works dating from the ch in or han period  the han emperor
kuang wu        a d   apparently quotes from it in one of his
proclamations  but the passage in question may have been inserted later
on  in order to prove the genuineness of the work  we shall not be far
out if we refer it to the northern sung period          a d    or
somewhat earlier 

    li wei kung wen tui   in   sections  written in the form of a
dialogue between t ai tsung and his great general li ching  it is
usually ascribed to the latter  competent authorities consider it a
forgery  though the author was evidently well versed in the art of war 

    li ching ping fa   not to be confounded with the foregoing  is a
short treatise in   chapters  preserved in the t ung tien  but not
published separately  this fact explains its omission from the  ssu k u
ch uan shu  

    wu ch i ching   in    chuan   attributed to the legendary minister
feng hou  with exegetical notes by kung sun hung of the han dynasty
  d       b c    and said to have been eulogized by the celebrated
general ma lung   d       a d    yet the earliest mention of it is in
the  sung chih   although a forgery  the work is well put together 

considering the high popular estimation in which chu ko liang has
always been held  it is not surprising to find more than one work on
war ascribed to his pen  such are     the  shih liu ts e      chuan   
preserved in the  yung lo ta tien        chiang yuan      chuan    and
     hsin shu      chuan    which steals wholesale from sun tz   none
of these has the slightest claim to be considered genuine 

most of the large chinese encyclopedias contain extensive sections
devoted to the literature of war  the following references may be found
useful  

 t ung tien   circa     a d    ch          
 t ai p ing yu lan         ch          
 wen hsien tung k ao     th cent    ch      
 yu hai     th cent    ch           
 san ts ai t u hui     th cent  
 kuang po wu chih          ch         
 ch ien ch io lei shu          ch     
 yuan chien lei han          ch          
 ku chin t u shu chi ch eng          section xxx  esp  ch        
 hsu wen hsien t ung k ao          ch          
 huang ch ao ching shih wen pien          ch         

the bibliographical sections of certain historical works also deserve
mention  

 ch ien han shu   ch     
 sui shu   ch        
 chiu t ang shu   ch         
 hsin t ang shu   ch        
 sung shih   ch          
 t ung chih   circa        ch     

to these of course must be added the great catalogue of the imperial
library  

 ssu k u ch uan shu tsung mu t i yao          ch          

footnotes

    shih chi   ch     

   he reigned from     to     b c 

    shih chi   ch      

   the appellation of nang wa 

    shih chi   ch     

    shih chi   ch     

   the appellation of hu yen  mentioned in ch     under the year     

   wang tzu ch eng fu  ch      year     

   the mistake is natural enough  native critics refer to a work of the
han dynasty  which says   ten  li  outside the  wu  gate  of the city
of wu  now soochow in kiangsu  there is a great mound  raised to
commemorate the entertainment of sun wu of ch i  who excelled in the
art of war  by the king of wu  

     they attached strings to wood to make bows  and sharpened wood to
make arrows  the use of bows and arrows is to keep the empire in awe  

    the son and successor of ho lu  he was finally defeated and
overthrown by kou chien  king of y eh  in     b c  see post 

    king yen of hsu  a fabulous being  of whom sun hsing yen says in
his preface   his humanity brought him to destruction  

    the passage i have put in brackets is omitted in the  t u shu   and
may be an interpolation  it was known  however to chang shou chieh of
the t ang dynasty  and appears in the  t ai p ing yu lan  

    ts ao kung seems to be thinking of the first part of chap  ii 
perhaps especially of     

    see chap  xi 

    on the other hand  it is noteworthy that  wu tz    which is not in
  chapters  has    assigned to it in the  han chih   likewise  the
 chung yung  is credited with    chapters  though now only in one only 
in the case of very short works  one is tempted to think that  p ien 
might simply mean  leaves  

    yeh shih of the sung dynasty             

    he hardly deserves to be bracketed with assassins 

    see chapter         and chapter          

    see chapter           chuan chu is the abbreviated form of his
name 

    i e  po p ei  see ante 

    the nucleus of this work is probably genuine  though large
additions have been made by later hands  kuan chung died in     b c 

    see infra  beginning of introduction 

    i do not know what this work  unless it be the last chapter of
another work  why that chapter should be singled out  however  is not
clear 

    about     b c 

    that is  i suppose  the age of wu wang and chou kung 

    in the  rd century b c 

    ssu ma jang chu  whose family name was t ien  lived in the latter
half of the  th century b c   and is also believed to have written a
work on war  see  shih chi   ch      and infra at the beginning of the
introduction 

    see legge s classics  vol  v  prolegomena p      legge thinks that
the  tso chuan  must have been written in the  th century  but not
before     b c 

    see  mencius  iii     iii        

    when wu first appears in the  ch un ch iu  in      it is already at
variance with its powerful neighbour  the  ch un ch iu  first mentions
y eh in      the  tso chuan  in     

    this is explicitly stated in the  tso chuan   xxxii    

    there is this to be said for the later period  that the feud would
tend to grow more bitter after each encounter  and thus more fully
justify the language used in xi       

    with wu yuan himself the case is just the reverse  a spurious
treatise on war has been fathered on him simply because he was a great
general  here we have an obvious inducement to forgery  sun wu  on the
other hand  cannot have been widely known to fame in the  th century 

    from  tso chuan    from the date of king chao s accession      
there was no year in which ch u was not attacked by wu  

    preface ad fin   my family comes from lo an  and we are really
descended from sun tz   i am ashamed to say that i only read my
ancestor s work from a literary point of view  without comprehending
the military technique  so long have we been enjoying the blessings of
peace  

    hoa yin is about    miles from t ung kuan on the eastern border of
shensi  the temple in question is still visited by those about the
ascent of the western sacred mountain  it is mentioned in a text as
being  situated five  li  east of the district city of hua yin  the
temple contains the hua shan tablet inscribed by the t ang emperor
hsuan tsung            

    see my  catalogue of chinese books   luzac   co          no     

    this is a discussion of    difficult passages in sun tz  

    cf  catalogue of the library of fan family at ningpo   his
commentary is frequently obscure  it furnishes a clue  but does not
fully develop the meaning  

     wen hsien t ung k ao   ch      

    it is interesting to note that m  pelliot has recently discovered
chapters      and   of this lost work in the  grottos of the thousand
buddhas   see b e f e o   t  viii  nos       p      

    the hsia  the shang and the chou  although the last named was
nominally existent in sun tz  s day  it retained hardly a vestige of
power  and the old military organization had practically gone by the
board  i can suggest no other explanation of the passage 

    see  chou li   xxix       

     t ung k ao   ch      

    this appears to be still extant  see wylie s  notes   p      new
edition  

     t ung k ao   loc  cit 

    a notable person in his day  his biography is given in the  san kuo
chih   ch     

    see xi        note 

     hou han shu   ch     ad init 

     san kuo chih   ch     

     sung shih   ch      ad init 

    the few europeans who have yet had an opportunity of acquainting
themselves with sun tz  are not behindhand in their praise  in this
connection  i may perhaps be excused for quoting from a letter from
lord roberts  to whom the sheets of the present work were submitted
previous to publication   many of sun wu s maxims are perfectly
applicable to the present day  and no      in chapter viii  is one that
the people of this country would do well to take to heart  

    ch      

    see iv      

    the allusion may be to mencius vi     ix    

    the  tso chuan  

     shih chi   ch      fol  i 

    cf   shih chi   ch    

    see  shu ching   preface      

    see  shih chi   ch     

     lun yu   xv    

    i failed to trace this utterance 

    supra 

    supra 

    the other four being worship  mourning  entertainment of guests 
and festive rites  see  shu ching   ii     iii     and  chou li   ix 
fol     

    see xiii        note 

    this is a rather obscure allusion to the  tso chuan   where
tz  ch an says   if you have a piece of beautiful brocade  you will not
employ a mere learner to make it up  

    cf   tao te ching   ch     

    sun hsing yen might have quoted confucius again  see  lun yu  
xiii         

    better known as hsiang yu          b c   

     shih chi   ch     

     shih chi   ch     

    see xiii        note  further details on t ai kung will be found in
the  shih chi   ch     ad init  besides the tradition which makes him a
former minister of chou hsin  two other accounts of him are there
given  according to which he would appear to have been first raised
from a humble private station by wen wang 



chapter i  laying plans

 ts ao kung  in defining the meaning of the chinese for the title of
this chapter  says it refers to the deliberations in the temple
selected by the general for his temporary use  or as we should say  in
his tent  see        


   sun tz  said  the art of war is of vital importance to the state 

   it is a matter of life and death  a road either to safety or to
ruin  hence it is a subject of inquiry which can on no account be
neglected 

   the art of war  then  is governed by five constant factors  to be
taken into account in one s deliberations  when seeking to determine
the conditions obtaining in the field 

   these are      the moral law      heaven      earth      the
commander      method and discipline 

 it appears from what follows that sun tz  means by  moral law  a
principle of harmony  not unlike the tao of lao tz  in its moral
aspect  one might be tempted to render it by  morale   were it not
considered as an attribute of the  ruler  in       


       the moral law  causes the people to be in complete accord with
their ruler  so that they will follow him regardless of their lives 
undismayed by any danger 

 tu yu quotes wang tz  as saying   without constant practice  the
officers will be nervous and undecided when mustering for battle 
without constant practice  the general will be wavering and irresolute
when the crisis is at hand   


    heaven  signifies night and day  cold and heat  times and seasons 

 the commentators  i think  make an unnecessary mystery of two words
here  meng shih refers to  the hard and the soft  waxing and waning  of
heaven  wang hsi  however  may be right in saying that what is meant is
 the general economy of heaven   including the five elements  the four
seasons  wind and clouds  and other phenomena  


    earth  comprises distances  great and small  danger and security 
open ground and narrow passes  the chances of life and death 

    the commander  stands for the virtues of wisdom  sincerity 
benevolence  courage and strictness 

 the five cardinal virtues of the chinese are     humanity or
benevolence      uprightness of mind      self respect  self control 
or  proper feeling       wisdom      sincerity or good faith  here
 wisdom  and  sincerity  are put before  humanity or benevolence   and
the two military virtues of  courage  and  strictness  substituted for
 uprightness of mind  and  self respect  self control  or  proper
feeling    


    by  method and discipline  are to be understood the marshalling of
the army in its proper subdivisions  the gradations of rank among the
officers  the maintenance of roads by which supplies may reach the
army  and the control of military expenditure 

    these five heads should be familiar to every general  he who knows
them will be victorious  he who knows them not will fail 

    therefore  in your deliberations  when seeking to determine the
military conditions  let them be made the basis of a comparison  in
this wise  

        which of the two sovereigns is imbued with the moral law 


 i e    is in harmony with his subjects   cf       


        which of the two generals has most ability 
        with whom lie the advantages derived from heaven and earth 

 see         


    on which side is discipline most rigorously enforced 

 tu mu alludes to the remarkable story of ts ao ts ao  a d           
who was such a strict disciplinarian that once  in accordance with his
own severe regulations against injury to standing crops  he condemned
himself to death for having allowed his horse to shy into a field of
corn  however  in lieu of losing his head  he was persuaded to satisfy
his sense of justice by cutting off his hair  ts ao ts ao s own comment
on the present passage is characteristically curt   when you lay down a
law  see that it is not disobeyed  if it is disobeyed the offender must
be put to death   


    which army is the stronger 

 morally as well as physically  as mei yao ch en puts it  freely
rendered    esprit de corps  and  big battalions    


    on which side are officers and men more highly trained 

 tu yu quotes wang tz  as saying   without constant practice  the
officers will be nervous and undecided when mustering for battle 
without constant practice  the general will be wavering and irresolute
when the crisis is at hand   


    in which army is there the greater constancy both in reward and
punishment 

 on which side is there the most absolute certainty that merit will be
properly rewarded and misdeeds summarily punished  


    by means of these seven considerations i can forecast victory or
defeat 

    the general that hearkens to my counsel and acts upon it  will
conquer  let such a one be retained in command  the general that
hearkens not to my counsel nor acts upon it  will suffer defeat  let
such a one be dismissed 

 the form of this paragraph reminds us that sun tz  s treatise was
composed expressly for the benefit of his patron ho lu  king of the wu
state  


    while heeding the profit of my counsel  avail yourself also of any
helpful circumstances over and beyond the ordinary rules 

    according as circumstances are favourable  one should modify one s
plans 

 sun tz   as a practical soldier  will have none of the  bookish
theoric   he cautions us here not to pin our faith to abstract
principles   for   as chang yu puts it   while the main laws of
strategy can be stated clearly enough for the benefit of all and
sundry  you must be guided by the actions of the enemy in attempting to
secure a favourable position in actual warfare   on the eve of the
battle of waterloo  lord uxbridge  commanding the cavalry  went to the
duke of wellington in order to learn what his plans and calculations
were for the morrow  because  as he explained  he might suddenly find
himself commander in chief and would be unable to frame new plans in a
critical moment  the duke listened quietly and then said   who will
attack the first tomorrow i or bonaparte    bonaparte   replied lord
uxbridge   well   continued the duke   bonaparte has not given me any
idea of his projects  and as my plans will depend upon his  how can you
expect me to tell you what mine are        


    all warfare is based on deception 

 the truth of this pithy and profound saying will be admitted by every
soldier  col  henderson tells us that wellington  great in so many
military qualities  was especially distinguished by  the extraordinary
skill with which he concealed his movements and deceived both friend
and foe   


    hence  when able to attack  we must seem unable  when using our
forces  we must seem inactive  when we are near  we must make the enemy
believe we are far away  when far away  we must make him believe we are
near 

    hold out baits to entice the enemy  feign disorder  and crush him 

 all commentators  except chang yu  say   when he is in disorder  crush
him   it is more natural to suppose that sun tz  is still illustrating
the uses of deception in war  


    if he is secure at all points  be prepared for him  if he is in
superior strength  evade him 

    if your opponent is of choleric temper  seek to irritate him 
pretend to be weak  that he may grow arrogant 

 wang tz   quoted by tu yu  says that the good tactician plays with his
adversary as a cat plays with a mouse  first feigning weakness and
immobility  and then suddenly pouncing upon him  


    if he is taking his ease  give him no rest 

 this is probably the meaning though mei yao ch en has the note   while
we are taking our ease  wait for the enemy to tire himself out   the
 yu lan  has  lure him on and tire him out   


if his forces are united  separate them 

 less plausible is the interpretation favoured by most of the
commentators   if sovereign and subject are in accord  put division
between them   


    attack him where he is unprepared  appear where you are not
expected 

    these military devices  leading to victory  must not be divulged
beforehand 

    now the general who wins a battle makes many calculations in his
temple ere the battle is fought 

 chang yu tells us that in ancient times it was customary for a temple
to be set apart for the use of a general who was about to take the
field  in order that he might there elaborate his plan of campaign  


the general who loses a battle makes but few calculations beforehand 
thus do many calculations lead to victory  and few calculations to
defeat  how much more no calculation at all  it is by attention to this
point that i can foresee who is likely to win or lose 

     words on wellington   by sir  w  fraser 



chapter ii  waging war

 ts ao kung has the note   he who wishes to fight must first count the
cost   which prepares us for the discovery that the subject of the
chapter is not what we might expect from the title  but is primarily a
consideration of ways and means  


   sun tz  said  in the operations of war  where there are in the field
a thousand swift chariots  as many heavy chariots  and a hundred
thousand mail clad soldiers 

 the  swift chariots  were lightly built and  according to chang yu 
used for the attack  the  heavy chariots  were heavier  and designed
for purposes of defence  li ch uan  it is true  says that the latter
were light  but this seems hardly probable  it is interesting to note
the analogies between early chinese warfare and that of the homeric
greeks  in each case  the war chariot was the important factor  forming
as it did the nucleus round which was grouped a certain number of
foot soldiers  with regard to the numbers given here  we are informed
that each swift chariot was accompanied by    footmen  and each heavy
chariot by    footmen  so that the whole army would be divided up into
a thousand battalions  each consisting of two chariots and a hundred
men  


with provisions enough to carry them a thousand  li  

      modern  li  go to a mile  the length may have varied slightly
since sun tz  s time  


the expenditure at home and at the front  including entertainment of
guests  small items such as glue and paint  and sums spent on chariots
and armour  will reach the total of a thousand ounces of silver per
day  such is the cost of raising an army of         men 

   when you engage in actual fighting  if victory is long in coming 
the men s weapons will grow dull and their ardour will be damped  if
you lay siege to a town  you will exhaust your strength 

   again  if the campaign is protracted  the resources of the state
will not be equal to the strain 

   now  when your weapons are dulled  your ardour damped  your strength
exhausted and your treasure spent  other chieftains will spring up to
take advantage of your extremity  then no man  however wise  will be
able to avert the consequences that must ensue 

   thus  though we have heard of stupid haste in war  cleverness has
never been seen associated with long delays 

 this concise and difficult sentence is not well explained by any of
the commentators  ts ao kung  li ch uan  meng shih  tu yu  tu mu and
mei yao ch en have notes to the effect that a general  though naturally
stupid  may nevertheless conquer through sheer force of rapidity  ho
shih says   haste may be stupid  but at any rate it saves expenditure
of energy and treasure  protracted operations may be very clever  but
they bring calamity in their train   wang hsi evades the difficulty by
remarking   lengthy operations mean an army growing old  wealth being
expended  an empty exchequer and distress among the people  true
cleverness insures against the occurrence of such calamities   chang yu
says   so long as victory can be attained  stupid haste is preferable
to clever dilatoriness   now sun tz  says nothing whatever  except
possibly by implication  about ill considered haste being better than
ingenious but lengthy operations  what he does say is something much
more guarded  namely that  while speed may sometimes be injudicious 
tardiness can never be anything but foolish if only because it means
impoverishment to the nation  in considering the point raised here by
sun tz   the classic example of fabius cunctator will inevitably occur
to the mind  that general deliberately measured the endurance of rome
against that of hannibals s isolated army  because it seemed to him
that the latter was more likely to suffer from a long campaign in a
strange country  but it is quite a moot question whether his tactics
would have proved successful in the long run  their reversal it is
true  led to cannae  but this only establishes a negative presumption
in their favour  


   there is no instance of a country having benefited from prolonged
warfare 

   it is only one who is thoroughly acquainted with the evils of war
that can thoroughly understand the profitable way of carrying it on 

 that is  with rapidity  only one who knows the disastrous effects of a
long war can realize the supreme importance of rapidity in bringing it
to a close  only two commentators seem to favour this interpretation 
but it fits well into the logic of the context  whereas the rendering 
 he who does not know the evils of war cannot appreciate its benefits  
is distinctly pointless  


   the skilful soldier does not raise a second levy  neither are his
supply waggons loaded more than twice 

 once war is declared  he will not waste precious time in waiting for
reinforcements  nor will he return his army back for fresh supplies 
but crosses the enemy s frontier without delay  this may seem an
audacious policy to recommend  but with all great strategists  from
julius caesar to napoleon bonaparte  the value of time that is  being a
little ahead of your opponent has counted for more than either
numerical superiority or the nicest calculations with regard to
commissariat  


   bring war material with you from home  but forage on the enemy  thus
the army will have food enough for its needs 

 the chinese word translated here as  war material  literally means
 things to be used   and is meant in the widest sense  it includes all
the impedimenta of an army  apart from provisions  


    poverty of the state exchequer causes an army to be maintained by
contributions from a distance  contributing to maintain an army at a
distance causes the people to be impoverished 

 the beginning of this sentence does not balance properly with the
next  though obviously intended to do so  the arrangement  moreover  is
so awkward that i cannot help suspecting some corruption in the text 
it never seems to occur to chinese commentators that an emendation may
be necessary for the sense  and we get no help from them there  the
chinese words sun tz  used to indicate the cause of the people s
impoverishment clearly have reference to some system by which the
husbandmen sent their contributions of corn to the army direct  but why
should it fall on them to maintain an army in this way  except because
the state or government is too poor to do so  


    on the other hand  the proximity of an army causes prices to go up 
and high prices cause the people s substance to be drained away 

 wang hsi says high prices occur before the army has left its own
territory  ts ao kung understands it of an army that has already
crossed the frontier  


    when their substance is drained away  the peasantry will be
afflicted by heavy exactions 

        with this loss of substance and exhaustion of strength  the
homes of the people will be stripped bare  and three tenths of their
incomes will be dissipated 

 tu mu and wang hsi agree that the people are not mulcted not of      
but of       of their income  but this is hardly to be extracted from
our text  ho shih has a characteristic tag   the  people  being
regarded as the essential part of the state  and  food  as the people s
heaven  is it not right that those in authority should value and be
careful of both   


while government expenses for broken chariots  worn out horses 
breast plates and helmets  bows and arrows  spears and shields 
protective mantlets  draught oxen and heavy waggons  will amount to
four tenths of its total revenue 

    hence a wise general makes a point of foraging on the enemy  one
cartload of the enemy s provisions is equivalent to twenty of one s
own  and likewise a single  picul  of his provender is equivalent to
twenty from one s own store 

 because twenty cartloads will be consumed in the process of
transporting one cartload to the front  a  picul  is a unit of measure
equal to       pounds       kilograms   


    now in order to kill the enemy  our men must be roused to anger 
that there may be advantage from defeating the enemy  they must have
their rewards 

 tu mu says   rewards are necessary in order to make the soldiers see
the advantage of beating the enemy  thus  when you capture spoils from
the enemy  they must be used as rewards  so that all your men may have
a keen desire to fight  each on his own account   


    therefore in chariot fighting  when ten or more chariots have been
taken  those should be rewarded who took the first  our own flags
should be substituted for those of the enemy  and the chariots mingled
and used in conjunction with ours  the captured soldiers should be
kindly treated and kept 

    this is called  using the conquered foe to augment one s own
strength 

    in war  then  let your great object be victory  not lengthy
campaigns 

 as ho shih remarks   war is not a thing to be trifled with   sun tz 
here reiterates the main lesson which this chapter is intended to
enforce   


    thus it may be known that the leader of armies is the arbiter of
the people s fate  the man on whom it depends whether the nation shall
be in peace or in peril 



chapter iii  attack by stratagem

   sun tz  said  in the practical art of war  the best thing of all is
to take the enemy s country whole and intact  to shatter and destroy it
is not so good  so  too  it is better to capture an army entire than
to destroy it  to capture a regiment  a detachment or a company entire
than to destroy them 

 the equivalent to an army corps  according to ssu ma fa  consisted
nominally of       men  according to ts ao kung  the equivalent of a
regiment contained     men  the equivalent to a detachment consists
from any number between     and      and the equivalent of a company
contains from   to     men  for the last two  however  chang yu gives
the exact figures of     and   respectively  


   hence to fight and conquer in all your battles is not supreme
excellence  supreme excellence consists in breaking the enemy s
resistance without fighting 

 here again  no modern strategist but will approve the words of the old
chinese general  moltke s greatest triumph  the capitulation of the
huge french army at sedan  was won practically without bloodshed  


   thus the highest form of generalship is to baulk the enemy s plans 

 perhaps the word  balk  falls short of expressing the full force of
the chinese word  which implies not an attitude of defence  whereby one
might be content to foil the enemy s stratagems one after another  but
an active policy of counter attack  ho shih puts this very clearly in
his note   when the enemy has made a plan of attack against us  we must
anticipate him by delivering our own attack first   


the next best is to prevent the junction of the enemy s forces 

 isolating him from his allies  we must not forget that sun tz   in
speaking of hostilities  always has in mind the numerous states or
principalities into which the china of his day was split up  


the next in order is to attack the enemy s army in the field 

 when he is already at full strength  


and the worst policy of all is to besiege walled cities 

   the rule is  not to besiege walled cities if it can possibly be
avoided 

 another sound piece of military theory  had the boers acted upon it in
      and refrained from dissipating their strength before kimberley 
mafeking  or even ladysmith  it is more than probable that they would
have been masters of the situation before the british were ready
seriously to oppose them  


the preparation of mantlets  movable shelters  and various implements
of war  will take up three whole months 

 it is not quite clear what the chinese word  here translated as
 mantlets   described  ts ao kung simply defines them as  large
shields   but we get a better idea of them from li ch uan  who says
they were to protect the heads of those who were assaulting the city
walls at close quarters  this seems to suggest a sort of roman
 testudo   ready made  tu mu says they were wheeled vehicles used in
repelling attacks  but this is denied by ch en hao  see  supra  ii     
the name is also applied to turrets on city walls  of the  movable
shelters  we get a fairly clear description from several commentators 
they were wooden missile proof structures on four wheels  propelled
from within  covered over with raw hides  and used in sieges to convey
parties of men to and from the walls  for the purpose of filling up the
encircling moat with earth  tu mu adds that they are now called  wooden
donkeys   


and the piling up of mounds over against the walls will take three
months more 

 these were great mounds or ramparts of earth heaped up to the level of
the enemy s walls in order to discover the weak points in the defence 
and also to destroy the fortified turrets mentioned in the preceding
note  


   the general  unable to control his irritation  will launch his men
to the assault like swarming ants 

 this vivid simile of ts ao kung is taken from the spectacle of an army
of ants climbing a wall  the meaning is that the general  losing
patience at the long delay  may make a premature attempt to storm the
place before his engines of war are ready  


with the result that one third of his men are slain  while the town
still remains untaken  such are the disastrous effects of a siege 

 we are reminded of the terrible losses of the japanese before port
arthur  in the most recent siege which history has to record  


   therefore the skilful leader subdues the enemy s troops without any
fighting  he captures their cities without laying siege to them  he
overthrows their kingdom without lengthy operations in the field 

 chia lin notes that he only overthrows the government  but does no
harm to individuals  the classical instance is wu wang  who after
having put an end to the yin dynasty was acclaimed  father and mother
of the people   


   with his forces intact he will dispute the mastery of the empire 
and thus  without losing a man  his triumph will be complete 

 owing to the double meanings in the chinese text  the latter part of
the sentence is susceptible of quite a different meaning   and thus 
the weapon not being blunted by use  its keenness remains perfect   


this is the method of attacking by stratagem 

   it is the rule in war  if our forces are ten to the enemy s one  to
surround him  if five to one  to attack him 

 straightway  without waiting for any further advantage  


if twice as numerous  to divide our army into two 

 tu mu takes exception to the saying  and at first sight  indeed  it
appears to violate a fundamental principle of war  ts ao kung  however 
gives a clue to sun tz  s meaning   being two to the enemy s one  we
may use one part of our army in the regular way  and the other for some
special diversion   chang yu thus further elucidates the point   if our
force is twice as numerous as that of the enemy  it should be split up
into two divisions  one to meet the enemy in front  and one to fall
upon his rear  if he replies to the frontal attack  he may be crushed
from behind  if to the rearward attack  he may be crushed in front  
this is what is meant by saying that  one part may be used in the
regular way  and the other for some special diversion   tu mu does not
understand that dividing one s army is simply an irregular  just as
concentrating it is the regular  strategical method  and he is too
hasty in calling this a mistake   


   if equally matched  we can offer battle 

 li ch uan  followed by ho shih  gives the following paraphrase   if
attackers and attacked are equally matched in strength  only the able
general will fight   


if slightly inferior in numbers  we can avoid the enemy 

 the meaning   we can  watch  the enemy   is certainly a great
improvement on the above  but unfortunately there appears to be no very
good authority for the variant  chang yu reminds us that the saying
only applies if the other factors are equal  a small difference in
numbers is often more than counterbalanced by superior energy and
discipline  


if quite unequal in every way  we can flee from him 

    hence  though an obstinate fight may be made by a small force  in
the end it must be captured by the larger force 

    now the general is the bulwark of the state  if the bulwark is
complete at all points  the state will be strong  if the bulwark is
defective  the state will be weak 

 as li ch uan tersely puts it   gap indicates deficiency  if the
general s ability is not perfect  i e  if he is not thoroughly versed
in his profession   his army will lack strength   


    there are three ways in which a ruler can bring misfortune upon his
army  

        by commanding the army to advance or to retreat  being ignorant
of the fact that it cannot obey  this is called hobbling the army 

 li ch uan adds the comment   it is like tying together the legs of a
thoroughbred  so that it is unable to gallop   one would naturally
think of  the ruler  in this passage as being at home  and trying to
direct the movements of his army from a distance  but the commentators
understand just the reverse  and quote the saying of t ai kung   a
kingdom should not be governed from without  and army should not be
directed from within   of course it is true that  during an engagement 
or when in close touch with the enemy  the general should not be in the
thick of his own troops  but a little distance apart  otherwise  he
will be liable to misjudge the position as a whole  and give wrong
orders  


        by attempting to govern an army in the same way as he
administers a kingdom  being ignorant of the conditions which obtain in
an army  this causes restlessness in the soldier s minds 

 ts ao kung s note is  freely translated   the military sphere and the
civil sphere are wholly distinct  you can t handle an army in kid
gloves   and chang yu says   humanity and justice are the principles on
which to govern a state  but not an army  opportunism and flexibility 
on the other hand  are military rather than civil virtues to assimilate
the governing of an army  to that of a state  understood  


        by employing the officers of his army without discrimination 

 that is  he is not careful to use the right man in the right place  


through ignorance of the military principle of adaptation to
circumstances  this shakes the confidence of the soldiers 

 i follow mei yao ch en here  the other commentators refer not to the
ruler  as in            but to the officers he employs  thus tu yu
says   if a general is ignorant of the principle of adaptability  he
must not be entrusted with a position of authority   tu mu quotes   the
skilful employer of men will employ the wise man  the brave man  the
covetous man  and the stupid man  for the wise man delights in
establishing his merit  the brave man likes to show his courage in
action  the covetous man is quick at seizing advantages  and the stupid
man has no fear of death   


    but when the army is restless and distrustful  trouble is sure to
come from the other feudal princes  this is simply bringing anarchy
into the army  and flinging victory away 

    thus we may know that there are five essentials for victory      he
will win who knows when to fight and when not to fight 

 chang yu says  if he can fight  he advances and takes the offensive 
if he cannot fight  he retreats and remains on the defensive  he will
invariably conquer who knows whether it is right to take the offensive
or the defensive  


    he will win who knows how to handle both superior and inferior
forces 

 this is not merely the general s ability to estimate numbers
correctly  as li ch uan and others make out  chang yu expounds the
saying more satisfactorily   by applying the art of war  it is possible
with a lesser force to defeat a greater  and  vice versa   the secret
lies in an eye for locality  and in not letting the right moment slip 
thus wu tz  says   with a superior force  make for easy ground  with an
inferior one  make for difficult ground    


    he will win whose army is animated by the same spirit throughout
all its ranks 

    he will win who  prepared himself  waits to take the enemy
unprepared 

    he will win who has military capacity and is not interfered with by
the sovereign 

 tu yu quotes wang tz  as saying   it is the sovereign s function to
give broad instructions  but to decide on battle it is the function of
the general   it is needless to dilate on the military disasters which
have been caused by undue interference with operations in the field on
the part of the home government  napoleon undoubtedly owed much of his
extraordinary success to the fact that he was not hampered by central
authority  

victory lies in the knowledge of these five points 

 literally   these five things are knowledge of the principle of
victory   

    hence the saying  if you know the enemy and know yourself  you need
not fear the result of a hundred battles  if you know yourself but not
the enemy  for every victory gained you will also suffer a defeat 

 li ch uan cites the case of fu chien  prince of ch in  who in     a d 
marched with a vast army against the chin emperor  when warned not to
despise an enemy who could command the services of such men as hsieh an
and huan ch ung  he boastfully replied   i have the population of eight
provinces at my back  infantry and horsemen to the number of one
million  why  they could dam up the yangtsze river itself by merely
throwing their whips into the stream  what danger have i to fear  
nevertheless  his forces were soon after disastrously routed at the fei
river  and he was obliged to beat a hasty retreat  


if you know neither the enemy nor yourself  you will succumb in every
battle 

 chang yu said   knowing the enemy enables you to take the offensive 
knowing yourself enables you to stand on the defensive   he adds 
 attack is the secret of defence  defence is the planning of an
attack   it would be hard to find a better epitome of the
root principle of war  



chapter iv  tactical dispositions

 ts ao kung explains the chinese meaning of the words for the title of
this chapter   marching and countermarching on the part of the two
armies with a view to discovering each other s condition   tu mu says 
 it is through the dispositions of an army that its condition may be
discovered  conceal your dispositions  and your condition will remain
secret  which leads to victory  show your dispositions  and your
condition will become patent  which leads to defeat   wang hsi remarks
that the good general can  secure success by modifying his tactics to
meet those of the enemy   


   sun tz  said  the good fighters of old first put themselves beyond
the possibility of defeat  and then waited for an opportunity of
defeating the enemy 

   to secure ourselves against defeat lies in our own hands  but the
opportunity of defeating the enemy is provided by the enemy himself 

 that is  of course  by a mistake on the enemy s part  


   thus the good fighter is able to secure himself against defeat 

 chang yu says this is done   by concealing the disposition of his
troops  covering up his tracks  and taking unremitting precautions   


but cannot make certain of defeating the enemy 

   hence the saying  one may  know  how to conquer without being able
to  do  it 

   security against defeat implies defensive tactics  ability to defeat
the enemy means taking the offensive 

 i retain the sense found in a similar passage in         in spite of
the fact that the commentators are all against me  the meaning they
give   he who cannot conquer takes the defensive   is plausible
enough  


   standing on the defensive indicates insufficient strength 
attacking  a superabundance of strength 

   the general who is skilled in defence hides in the most secret
recesses of the earth 

 literally   hides under the ninth earth   which is a metaphor
indicating the utmost secrecy and concealment  so that the enemy may
not know his whereabouts   


he who is skilled in attack flashes forth from the topmost heights of
heaven 

 another metaphor  implying that he falls on his adversary like a
thunderbolt  against which there is no time to prepare  this is the
opinion of most of the commentators  


thus on the one hand we have ability to protect ourselves  on the
other  a victory that is complete 

   to see victory only when it is within the ken of the common herd is
not the acme of excellence 

 as ts ao kung remarks   the thing is to see the plant before it has
germinated   to foresee the event before the action has begun  li
ch uan alludes to the story of han hsin who  when about to attack the
vastly superior army of chao  which was strongly entrenched in the city
of ch eng an  said to his officers   gentlemen  we are going to
annihilate the enemy  and shall meet again at dinner   the officers
hardly took his words seriously  and gave a very dubious assent  but
han hsin had already worked out in his mind the details of a clever
stratagem  whereby  as he foresaw  he was able to capture the city and
inflict a crushing defeat on his adversary   


   neither is it the acme of excellence if you fight and conquer and
the whole empire says   well done  

 true excellence being  as tu mu says   to plan secretly  to move
surreptitiously  to foil the enemy s intentions and balk his schemes 
so that at last the day may be won without shedding a drop of blood  
sun tz  reserves his approbation for things that


 the world s coarse thumb
and finger fail to plumb  


    to lift an autumn hair is no sign of great strength 

  autumn hair  is explained as the fur of a hare  which is finest in
autumn  when it begins to grow afresh  the phrase is a very common one
in chinese writers  


to see sun and moon is no sign of sharp sight  to hear the noise of
thunder is no sign of a quick ear 

 ho shih gives as real instances of strength  sharp sight and quick
hearing  wu huo  who could lift a tripod weighing     stone  li chu 
who at a distance of a hundred paces could see objects no bigger than a
mustard seed  and shih k uang  a blind musician who could hear the
footsteps of a mosquito  


    what the ancients called a clever fighter is one who not only wins 
but excels in winning with ease 

 the last half is literally  one who  conquering  excels in easy
conquering   mei yao ch en says   he who only sees the obvious  wins
his battles with difficulty  he who looks below the surface of things 
wins with ease   


    hence his victories bring him neither reputation for wisdom nor
credit for courage 

 tu mu explains this very well   inasmuch as his victories are gained
over circumstances that have not come to light  the world as large
knows nothing of them  and he wins no reputation for wisdom  inasmuch
as the hostile state submits before there has been any bloodshed  he
receives no credit for courage   


    he wins his battles by making no mistakes 

 ch en hao says   he plans no superfluous marches  he devises no futile
attacks   the connection of ideas is thus explained by chang yu   one
who seeks to conquer by sheer strength  clever though he may be at
winning pitched battles  is also liable on occasion to be vanquished 
whereas he who can look into the future and discern conditions that are
not yet manifest  will never make a blunder and therefore invariably
win   


making no mistakes is what establishes the certainty of victory  for it
means conquering an enemy that is already defeated 

    hence the skilful fighter puts himself into a position which makes
defeat impossible  and does not miss the moment for defeating the
enemy 

 a  counsel of perfection  as tu mu truly observes   position  need not
be confined to the actual ground occupied by the troops  it includes
all the arrangements and preparations which a wise general will make to
increase the safety of his army  


    thus it is that in war the victorious strategist only seeks battle
after the victory has been won  whereas he who is destined to defeat
first fights and afterwards looks for victory 

 ho shih thus expounds the paradox   in warfare  first lay plans which
will ensure victory  and then lead your army to battle  if you will not
begin with stratagem but rely on brute strength alone  victory will no
longer be assured   


    the consummate leader cultivates the moral law  and strictly
adheres to method and discipline  thus it is in his power to control
success 

    in respect of military method  we have  firstly  measurement 
secondly  estimation of quantity  thirdly  calculation  fourthly 
balancing of chances  fifthly  victory 

    measurement owes its existence to earth  estimation of quantity to
measurement  calculation to estimation of quantity  balancing of
chances to calculation  and victory to balancing of chances 

 it is not easy to distinguish the four terms very clearly in the
chinese  the first seems to be surveying and measurement of the ground 
which enable us to form an estimate of the enemy s strength  and to
make calculations based on the data thus obtained  we are thus led to a
general weighing up  or comparison of the enemy s chances with our own 
if the latter turn the scale  then victory ensues  the chief difficulty
lies in third term  which in the chinese some commentators take as a
calculation of  numbers   thereby making it nearly synonymous with the
second term  perhaps the second term should be thought of as a
consideration of the enemy s general position or condition  while the
third term is the estimate of his numerical strength  on the other
hand  tu mu says   the question of relative strength having been
settled  we can bring the varied resources of cunning into play   ho
shih seconds this interpretation  but weakens it  however  it points to
the third term as being a calculation of numbers  


    a victorious army opposed to a routed one  is as a pound s weight
placed in the scale against a single grain 

 literally   a victorious army is like an  i      oz   weighed against
a  shu        oz    a routed army is a  shu  weighed against an  i   
the point is simply the enormous advantage which a disciplined force 
flushed with victory  has over one demoralized by defeat  legge  in his
note on mencius  i     ix     makes the  i  to be    chinese ounces 
and corrects chu hsi s statement that it equaled    oz  only  but li
ch uan of the t ang dynasty here gives the same figure as chu hsi  


    the onrush of a conquering force is like the bursting of pent up
waters into a chasm a thousand fathoms deep  so much for tactical
dispositions 




chapter v  energy

   sun tz  said  the control of a large force is the same principle as
the control of a few men  it is merely a question of dividing up their
numbers 

 that is  cutting up the army into regiments  companies  etc   with
subordinate officers in command of each  tu mu reminds us of han hsin s
famous reply to the first han emperor  who once said to him   how large
an army do you think i could lead    not more than         men  your
majesty    and you   asked the emperor   oh   he answered   the more
the better   


   fighting with a large army under your command is nowise different
from fighting with a small one  it is merely a question of instituting
signs and signals 

   to ensure that your whole host may withstand the brunt of the
enemy s attack and remain unshaken this is effected by man uvers direct
and indirect 

 we now come to one of the most interesting parts of sun tz  s
treatise  the discussion of the  cheng  and the  ch i    as it is by no
means easy to grasp the full significance of these two terms  or to
render them consistently by good english equivalents  it may be as well
to tabulate some of the commentators  remarks on the subject before
proceeding further  li ch uan   facing the enemy is  cheng   making
lateral diversion is  ch i   chia lin   in presence of the enemy  your
troops should be arrayed in normal fashion  but in order to secure
victory abnormal man uvers must be employed   mei yao ch en    ch i  is
active   cheng  is passive  passivity means waiting for an opportunity 
activity brings the victory itself   ho shih   we must cause the enemy
to regard our straightforward attack as one that is secretly designed 
and vice versa  thus  cheng  may also be  ch i   and  ch i  may also be
 cheng    he instances the famous exploit of han hsin  who when
marching ostensibly against lin chin  now chao i in shensi   suddenly
threw a large force across the yellow river in wooden tubs  utterly
disconcerting his opponent   ch ien han shu  ch      here  we are told 
the march on lin chin was  cheng   and the surprise man uver was
 ch i    chang yu gives the following summary of opinions on the words 
 military writers do not agree with regard to the meaning of  ch i  and
 cheng   wei liao tz    th cent  b c   says   direct warfare favours
frontal attacks  indirect warfare attacks from the rear   ts ao kung
says   going straight out to join battle is a direct operation 
appearing on the enemy s rear is an indirect man uver   li wei kung
  th and  th cent  a d   says   in war  to march straight ahead is
 cheng   turning movements  on the other hand  are  ch i    these
writers simply regard  cheng  as  cheng   and  ch i  as  ch i   they do
not note that the two are mutually interchangeable and run into each
other like the two sides of a circle  see infra         a comment on
the t ang emperor t ai tsung goes to the root of the matter   a  ch i 
man uver may be  cheng   if we make the enemy look upon it as  cheng  
then our real attack will be  ch i   and vice versa  the whole secret
lies in confusing the enemy  so that he cannot fathom our real
intent    to put it perhaps a little more clearly  any attack or other
operation is  cheng   on which the enemy has had his attention fixed 
whereas that is  ch i    which takes him by surprise or comes from an
unexpected quarter  if the enemy perceives a movement which is meant to
be  ch i    it immediately becomes  cheng    


   that the impact of your army may be like a grindstone dashed against
an egg this is effected by the science of weak points and strong 

   in all fighting  the direct method may be used for joining battle 
but indirect methods will be needed in order to secure victory 

 chang yu says   steadily develop indirect tactics  either by pounding
the enemy s flanks or falling on his rear   a brilliant example of
 indirect tactics  which decided the fortunes of a campaign was lord
roberts  night march round the peiwar kotal in the second afghan war 
   


   indirect tactics  efficiently applied  are inexhausible as heaven
and earth  unending as the flow of rivers and streams  like the sun and
moon  they end but to begin anew  like the four seasons  they pass away
but to return once more 

 tu yu and chang yu understand this of the permutations of  ch i  and
 cheng   but at present sun tz  is not speaking of  cheng  at all 
unless  indeed  we suppose with cheng yu hsien that a clause relating
to it has fallen out of the text  of course  as has already been
pointed out  the two are so inextricably interwoven in all military
operations  that they cannot really be considered apart  here we simply
have an expression  in figurative language  of the almost infinite
resource of a great leader  


   there are not more than five musical notes  yet the combinations of
these five give rise to more melodies than can ever be heard 

   there are not more than five primary colours  blue  yellow  red 
white  and black   yet in combination they produce more hues than can
ever be seen 

  there are not more than five cardinal tastes  sour  acrid  salt 
sweet  bitter   yet combinations of them yield more flavours than can
ever be tasted 

    in battle  there are not more than two methods of attack the direct
and the indirect  yet these two in combination give rise to an endless
series of man uvers 

    the direct and the indirect lead on to each other in turn  it is
like moving in a circle you never come to an end  who can exhaust the
possibilities of their combination 

    the onset of troops is like the rush of a torrent which will even
roll stones along in its course 

    the quality of decision is like the well timed swoop of a falcon
which enables it to strike and destroy its victim 

 the chinese here is tricky and a certain key word in the context it is
used defies the best efforts of the translator  tu mu defines this word
as  the measurement or estimation of distance   but this meaning does
not quite fit the illustrative simile in        applying this
definition to the falcon  it seems to me to denote that instinct of
 self restraint  which keeps the bird from swooping on its quarry until
the right moment  together with the power of judging when the right
moment has arrived  the analogous quality in soldiers is the highly
important one of being able to reserve their fire until the very
instant at which it will be most effective  when the  victory  went
into action at trafalgar at hardly more than drifting pace  she was for
several minutes exposed to a storm of shot and shell before replying
with a single gun  nelson coolly waited until he was within close
range  when the broadside he brought to bear worked fearful havoc on
the enemy s nearest ships  


    therefore the good fighter will be terrible in his onset  and
prompt in his decision 

 the word  decision  would have reference to the measurement of
distance mentioned above  letting the enemy get near before striking 
but i cannot help thinking that sun tz  meant to use the word in a
figurative sense comparable to our own idiom  short and sharp   cf 
wang hsi s note  which after describing the falcon s mode of attack 
proceeds   this is just how the  psychological moment  should be seized
in war   


    energy may be likened to the bending of a crossbow  decision  to
the releasing of the trigger 

 none of the commentators seem to grasp the real point of the simile of
energy and the force stored up in the bent cross bow until released by
the finger on the trigger  


    amid the turmoil and tumult of battle  there may be seeming
disorder and yet no real disorder at all  amid confusion and chaos 
your array may be without head or tail  yet it will be proof against
defeat 

 mei yao ch en says   the subdivisions of the army having been
previously fixed  and the various signals agreed upon  the separating
and joining  the dispersing and collecting which will take place in the
course of a battle  may give the appearance of disorder when no real
disorder is possible  your formation may be without head or tail  your
dispositions all topsy turvy  and yet a rout of your forces quite out
of the question   


    simulated disorder postulates perfect discipline  simulated fear
postulates courage  simulated weakness postulates strength 

 in order to make the translation intelligible  it is necessary to tone
down the sharply paradoxical form of the original  ts ao kung throws
out a hint of the meaning in his brief note   these things all serve to
destroy formation and conceal one s condition   but tu mu is the first
to put it quite plainly   if you wish to feign confusion in order to
lure the enemy on  you must first have perfect discipline  if you wish
to display timidity in order to entrap the enemy  you must have extreme
courage  if you wish to parade your weakness in order to make the enemy
over confident  you must have exceeding strength   


    hiding order beneath the cloak of disorder is simply a question of
subdivision 

 see  supra        


concealing courage under a show of timidity presupposes a fund of
latent energy 

 the commentators strongly understand a certain chinese word here
differently than anywhere else in this chapter  thus tu mu says 
 seeing that we are favourably circumstanced and yet make no move  the
enemy will believe that we are really afraid   


masking strength with weakness is to be effected by tactical
dispositions 

 chang yu relates the following anecdote of kao tsu  the first han
emperor   wishing to crush the hsiung nu  he sent out spies to report
on their condition  but the hsiung nu  forewarned  carefully concealed
all their able bodied men and well fed horses  and only allowed infirm
soldiers and emaciated cattle to be seen  the result was that spies one
and all recommended the emperor to deliver his attack  lou ching alone
opposed them  saying   when two countries go to war  they are naturally
inclined to make an ostentatious display of their strength  yet our
spies have seen nothing but old age and infirmity  this is surely some
 ruse  on the part of the enemy  and it would be unwise for us to
attack   the emperor  however  disregarding this advice  fell into the
trap and found himself surrounded at po teng   


    thus one who is skilful at keeping the enemy on the move maintains
deceitful appearances  according to which the enemy will act 

 ts ao kung s note is  make a display of weakness and want   tu mu
says   if our force happens to be superior to the enemy s  weakness may
be simulated in order to lure him on  but if inferior  he must be led
to believe that we are strong  in order that he may keep off  in fact 
all the enemy s movements should be determined by the signs that we
choose to give him   note the following anecdote of sun pin  a
descendent of sun wu  in     b c   the ch i state being at war with
wei  sent t ien chi and sun pin against the general p ang chuan  who
happened to be a deadly personal enemy of the later  sun pin said   the
ch i state has a reputation for cowardice  and therefore our adversary
despises us  let us turn this circumstance to account   accordingly 
when the army had crossed the border into wei territory  he gave orders
to show         fires on the first night         on the next  and the
night after only         p ang chuan pursued them hotly  saying to
himself   i knew these men of ch i were cowards  their numbers have
already fallen away by more than half   in his retreat  sun pin came to
a narrow defile  which he calculated that his pursuers would reach
after dark  here he had a tree stripped of its bark  and inscribed upon
it the words   under this tree shall p ang chuan die   then  as night
began to fall  he placed a strong body of archers in ambush near by 
with orders to shoot directly if they saw a light  later on  p ang
chuan arrived at the spot  and noticing the tree  struck a light in
order to read what was written on it  his body was immediately riddled
by a volley of arrows  and his whole army thrown into confusion   the
above is tu mu s version of the story  the  shih chi   less
dramatically but probably with more historical truth  makes p ang chuan
cut his own throat with an exclamation of despair  after the rout of
his army    


he sacrifices something  that the enemy may snatch at it 

    by holding out baits  he keeps him on the march  then with a body
of picked men he lies in wait for him 

 with an emendation suggested by li ching  this then reads   he lies in
wait with the main body of his troops   


    the clever combatant looks to the effect of combined energy  and
does not require too much from individuals 

 tu mu says   he first of all considers the power of his army in the
bulk  afterwards he takes individual talent into account  and uses each
men according to his capabilities  he does not demand perfection from
the untalented   


hence his ability to pick out the right men and utilise combined
energy 

    when he utilises combined energy  his fighting men become as it
were like unto rolling logs or stones  for it is the nature of a log or
stone to remain motionless on level ground  and to move when on a
slope  if four cornered  to come to a standstill  but if round shaped 
to go rolling down 

 ts au kung calls this  the use of natural or inherent power   


    thus the energy developed by good fighting men is as the momentum
of a round stone rolled down a mountain thousands of feet in height  so
much on the subject of energy 

 the chief lesson of this chapter  in tu mu s opinion  is the paramount
importance in war of rapid evolutions and sudden rushes   great
results   he adds   can thus be achieved with small forces   


     forty one years in india   chapter    



chapter vi  weak points and strong

 chang yu attempts to explain the sequence of chapters as follows 
 chapter iv  on tactical dispositions  treated of the offensive and the
defensive  chapter v  on energy  dealt with direct and indirect
methods  the good general acquaints himself first with the theory of
attack and defence  and then turns his attention to direct and indirect
methods  he studies the art of varying and combining these two methods
before proceeding to the subject of weak and strong points  for the use
of direct or indirect methods arises out of attack and defence  and the
perception of weak and strong points depends again on the above
methods  hence the present chapter comes immediately after the chapter
on energy   


   sun tz  said  whoever is first in the field and awaits the coming of
the enemy  will be fresh for the fight  whoever is second in the field
and has to hasten to battle  will arrive exhausted 

   therefore the clever combatant imposes his will on the enemy  but
does not allow the enemy s will to be imposed on him 

 one mark of a great soldier is that he fight on his own terms or
fights not at all       


   by holding out advantages to him  he can cause the enemy to approach
of his own accord  or  by inflicting damage  he can make it impossible
for the enemy to draw near 

 in the first case  he will entice him with a bait  in the second  he
will strike at some important point which the enemy will have to
defend  


   if the enemy is taking his ease  he can harass him 

 this passage may be cited as evidence against mei yao  ch en s
interpretation of i        


if well supplied with food  he can starve him out  if quietly encamped 
he can force him to move 

   appear at points which the enemy must hasten to defend  march
swiftly to places where you are not expected 

   an army may march great distances without distress  if it marches
through country where the enemy is not 

 ts ao kung sums up very well   emerge from the void  q d  like  a bolt
from the blue    strike at vulnerable points  shun places that are
defended  attack in unexpected quarters   


   you can be sure of succeeding in your attacks if you only attack
places which are undefended 

 wang hsi explains  undefended places  as  weak points  that is to say 
where the general is lacking in capacity  or the soldiers in spirit 
where the walls are not strong enough  or the precautions not strict
enough  where relief comes too late  or provisions are too scanty  or
the defenders are variance amongst themselves   


you can ensure the safety of your defence if you only hold positions
that cannot be attacked 

  i e    where there are none of the weak points mentioned above  there
is rather a nice point involved in the interpretation of this later
clause  tu mu  ch en hao  and mei yao ch en assume the meaning to be 
 in order to make your defence quite safe  you must defend  even  those
places that are not likely to be attacked   and tu mu adds   how much
more  then  those that will be attacked   taken thus  however  the
clause balances less well with the preceding always a consideration in
the highly antithetical style which is natural to the chinese  chang
yu  therefore  seems to come nearer the mark in saying   he who is
skilled in attack flashes forth from the topmost heights of heaven  see
iv        making it impossible for the enemy to guard against him  this
being so  the places that i shall attack are precisely those that the
enemy cannot defend   he who is skilled in defence hides in the most
secret recesses of the earth  making it impossible for the enemy to
estimate his whereabouts  this being so  the places that i shall hold
are precisely those that the enemy cannot attack   


   hence that general is skilful in attack whose opponent does not
know what to defend  and he is skilful in defence whose opponent does
not know what to attack 

 an aphorism which puts the whole art of war in a nutshell  


   o divine art of subtlety and secrecy  through you we learn to be
invisible  through you inaudible 

 literally   without form or sound   but it is said of course with
reference to the enemy  


and hence we can hold the enemy s fate in our hands 

    you may advance and be absolutely irresistible  if you make for the
enemy s weak points  you may retire and be safe from pursuit if your
movements are more rapid than those of the enemy 

    if we wish to fight  the enemy can be forced to an engagement even
though he be sheltered behind a high rampart and a deep ditch  all we
need do is attack some other place that he will be obliged to relieve 

 tu mu says   if the enemy is the invading party  we can cut his line
of communications and occupy the roads by which he will have to return 
if we are the invaders  we may direct our attack against the sovereign
himself   it is clear that sun tz   unlike certain generals in the late
boer war  was no believer in frontal attacks  


    if we do not wish to fight  we can prevent the enemy from engaging
us even though the lines of our encampment be merely traced out on the
ground  all we need do is to throw something odd and unaccountable in
his way 

 this extremely concise expression is intelligibly paraphrased by chia
lin   even though we have constructed neither wall nor ditch   li
ch uan says   we puzzle him by strange and unusual dispositions   and
tu mu finally clinches the meaning by three illustrative anecdotes one
of chu ko liang  who when occupying yang p ing and about to be attacked
by ssu ma i  suddenly struck his colors  stopped the beating of the
drums  and flung open the city gates  showing only a few men engaged in
sweeping and sprinkling the ground  this unexpected proceeding had the
intended effect  for ssu ma i  suspecting an ambush  actually drew off
his army and retreated  what sun tz  is advocating here  therefore  is
nothing more nor less than the timely use of  bluff   


    by discovering the enemy s dispositions and remaining invisible
ourselves  we can keep our forces concentrated  while the enemy s must
be divided 

 the conclusion is perhaps not very obvious  but chang yu  after mei
yao ch en  rightly explains it thus   if the enemy s dispositions are
visible  we can make for him in one body  whereas  our own dispositions
being kept secret  the enemy will be obliged to divide his forces in
order to guard against attack from every quarter   


    we can form a single united body  while the enemy must split up
into fractions  hence there will be a whole pitted against separate
parts of a whole  which means that we shall be many to the enemy s few 

    and if we are able thus to attack an inferior force with a superior
one  our opponents will be in dire straits 

    the spot where we intend to fight must not be made known  for then
the enemy will have to prepare against a possible attack at several
different points 

 sheridan once explained the reason of general grant s victories by
saying that  while his opponents were kept fully employed wondering
what he was going to do   he  was thinking most of what he was going to
do himself   


and his forces being thus distributed in many directions  the numbers
we shall have to face at any given point will be proportionately few 

    for should the enemy strengthen his van  he will weaken his rear 
should he strengthen his rear  he will weaken his van  should he
strengthen his left  he will weaken his right  should he strengthen his
right  he will weaken his left  if he sends reinforcements everywhere 
he will everywhere be weak 

 in frederick the great s  instructions to his generals  we read   a
defensive war is apt to betray us into too frequent detachment  those
generals who have had but little experience attempt to protect every
point  while those who are better acquainted with their profession 
having only the capital object in view  guard against a decisive blow 
and acquiesce in small misfortunes to avoid greater   


    numerical weakness comes from having to prepare against possible
attacks  numerical strength  from compelling our adversary to make
these preparations against us 

 the highest generalship  in col  henderson s words  is  to compel the
enemy to disperse his army  and then to concentrate superior force
against each fraction in turn   


    knowing the place and the time of the coming battle  we may
concentrate from the greatest distances in order to fight 

 what sun tz  evidently has in mind is that nice calculation of
distances and that masterly employment of strategy which enable a
general to divide his army for the purpose of a long and rapid march 
and afterwards to effect a junction at precisely the right spot and the
right hour in order to confront the enemy in overwhelming strength 
among many such successful junctions which military history records 
one of the most dramatic and decisive was the appearance of blucher
just at the critical moment on the field of waterloo  


    but if neither time nor place be known  then the left wing will be
impotent to succour the right  the right equally impotent to succour the
left  the van unable to relieve the rear  or the rear to support the
van  how much more so if the furthest portions of the army are anything
under a hundred  li  apart  and even the nearest are separated by
several  li  

 the chinese of this last sentence is a little lacking in precision 
but the mental picture we are required to draw is probably that of an
army advancing towards a given rendezvous in separate columns  each of
which has orders to be there on a fixed date  if the general allows the
various detachments to proceed at haphazard  without precise
instructions as to the time and place of meeting  the enemy will be
able to annihilate the army in detail  chang yu s note may be worth
quoting here   if we do not know the place where our opponents mean to
concentrate or the day on which they will join battle  our unity will
be forfeited through our preparations for defence  and the positions we
hold will be insecure  suddenly happening upon a powerful foe  we shall
be brought to battle in a flurried condition  and no mutual support
will be possible between wings  vanguard or rear  especially if there
is any great distance between the foremost and hindmost divisions of
the army   


    though according to my estimate the soldiers of y eh exceed our own
in number  that shall advantage them nothing in the matter of victory 
i say then that victory can be achieved 

 alas for these brave words  the long feud between the two states ended
in     b c  with the total defeat of wu by kou chien and its
incorporation in y eh  this was doubtless long after sun tz  s death 
with his present assertion compare iv       chang yu is the only one to
point out the seeming discrepancy  which he thus goes on to explain 
 in the chapter on tactical dispositions it is said   one may  know 
how to conquer without being able to  do  it   whereas here we have the
statement that  victory  can be achieved   the explanation is  that in
the former chapter  where the offensive and defensive are under
discussion  it is said that if the enemy is fully prepared  one cannot
make certain of beating him  but the present passage refers
particularly to the soldiers of y eh who  according to sun tz  s
calculations  will be kept in ignorance of the time and place of the
impending struggle  that is why he says here that victory can be
achieved   


    though the enemy be stronger in numbers  we may prevent him from
fighting  scheme so as to discover his plans and the likelihood of
their success 

 an alternative reading offered by chia lin is   know beforehand all
plans conducive to our success and to the enemy s failure  


    rouse him  and learn the principle of his activity or inactivity 

 chang yu tells us that by noting the joy or anger shown by the enemy
on being thus disturbed  we shall be able to conclude whether his
policy is to lie low or the reverse  he instances the action of cho ku
liang  who sent the scornful present of a woman s head dress to ssu ma
i  in order to goad him out of his fabian tactics  


force him to reveal himself  so as to find out his vulnerable spots 

    carefully compare the opposing army with your own  so that you may
know where strength is superabundant and where it is deficient 

 cf  iv       


    in making tactical dispositions  the highest pitch you can attain
is to conceal them 

 the piquancy of the paradox evaporates in translation  concealment is
perhaps not so much actual invisibility  see  supra       as  showing
no sign  of what you mean to do  of the plans that are formed in your
brain  


conceal your dispositions  and you will be safe from the prying of the
subtlest spies  from the machinations of the wisest brains 

 tu mu explains   though the enemy may have clever and capable
officers  they will not be able to lay any plans against us   


    how victory may be produced for them out of the enemy s own
tactics that is what the multitude cannot comprehend 

    all men can see the tactics whereby i conquer  but what none can
see is the strategy out of which victory is evolved 

  i e    everybody can see superficially how a battle is won  what they
cannot see is the long series of plans and combinations which has
preceded the battle  


    do not repeat the tactics which have gained you one victory  but
let your methods be regulated by the infinite variety of circumstances 

 as wang hsi sagely remarks   there is but one root principle
underlying victory  but the tactics which lead up to it are infinite in
number   with this compare col  henderson   the rules of strategy are
few and simple  they may be learned in a week  they may be taught by
familiar illustrations or a dozen diagrams  but such knowledge will no
more teach a man to lead an army like napoleon than a knowledge of
grammar will teach him to write like gibbon   


    military tactics are like unto water  for water in its natural
course runs away from high places and hastens downwards 

    so in war  the way is to avoid what is strong and to strike at what
is weak 

 like water  taking the line of least resistance  


    water shapes its course according to the nature of the ground over
which it flows  the soldier works out his victory in relation to the
foe whom he is facing 

    therefore  just as water retains no constant shape  so in warfare
there are no constant conditions 

    he who can modify his tactics in relation to his opponent and
thereby succeed in winning  may be called a heaven born captain 

    the five elements  water  fire  wood  metal  earth  are not always
equally predominant 

 that is  as wang hsi says   they predominate alternately   


the four seasons make way for each other in turn 

 literally   have no invariable seat   


there are short days and long  the moon has its periods of waning and
waxing 

 cf  v       the purport of the passage is simply to illustrate the
want of fixity in war by the changes constantly taking place in nature 
the comparison is not very happy  however  because the regularity of
the phenomena which sun tz  mentions is by no means paralleled in war  


    see col  henderson s biography of stonewall jackson       ed   vol 
ii  p      



chapter vii  man uvering

   sun tz  said  in war  the general receives his commands from the
sovereign 

   having collected an army and concentrated his forces  he must blend
and harmonise the different elements thereof before pitching his camp 

  chang yu says   the establishment of harmony and confidence between
the higher and lower ranks before venturing into the field   and he
quotes a saying of wu tz   chap    ad init     without harmony in the
state  no military expedition can be undertaken  without harmony in the
army  no battle array can be formed   in an historical romance sun tz 
is represented as saying to wu yuan   as a general rule  those who are
waging war should get rid of all the domestic troubles before
proceeding to attack the external foe   


   after that  comes tactical man uvering  than which there is nothing
more difficult 

 i have departed slightly from the traditional interpretation of ts ao
kung  who says   from the time of receiving the sovereign s
instructions until our encampment over against the enemy  the tactics
to be pursued are most difficult   it seems to me that the tactics or
man uvers can hardly be said to begin until the army has sallied forth
and encamped  and ch ien hao s note gives color to this view   for
levying  concentrating  harmonizing and entrenching an army  there are
plenty of old rules which will serve  the real difficulty comes when we
engage in tactical operations   tu yu also observes that  the great
difficulty is to be beforehand with the enemy in seizing favourable
position   


the difficulty of tactical man uvering consists in turning the devious
into the direct  and misfortune into gain 

 this sentence contains one of those highly condensed and somewhat
enigmatical expressions of which sun tz  is so fond  this is how it is
explained by ts ao kung   make it appear that you are a long way off 
then cover the distance rapidly and arrive on the scene before your
opponent   tu mu says   hoodwink the enemy  so that he may be remiss
and leisurely while you are dashing along with utmost speed   ho shih
gives a slightly different turn   although you may have difficult
ground to traverse and natural obstacles to encounter this is a
drawback which can be turned into actual advantage by celerity of
movement   signal examples of this saying are afforded by the two
famous passages across the alps that of hannibal  which laid italy at
his mercy  and that of napoleon two thousand years later  which
resulted in the great victory of marengo  


   thus  to take a long and circuitous route  after enticing the enemy
out of the way  and though starting after him  to contrive to reach the
goal before him  shows knowledge of the artifice of  deviation  

 tu mu cites the famous march of chao she in     b c  to relieve the
town of o yu  which was closely invested by a ch in army  the king of
chao first consulted lien p o on the advisability of attempting a
relief  but the latter thought the distance too great  and the
intervening country too rugged and difficult  his majesty then turned
to chao she  who fully admitted the hazardous nature of the march  but
finally said   we shall be like two rats fighting in a whole and the
pluckier one will win   so he left the capital with his army  but had
only gone a distance of     li  when he stopped and began throwing up
entrenchments  for    days he continued strengthening his
fortifications  and took care that spies should carry the intelligence
to the enemy  the ch in general was overjoyed  and attributed his
adversary s tardiness to the fact that the beleaguered city was in the
han state  and thus not actually part of chao territory  but the spies
had no sooner departed than chao she began a forced march lasting for
two days and one night  and arrive on the scene of action with such
astonishing rapidity that he was able to occupy a commanding position
on the  north hill  before the enemy had got wind of his movements  a
crushing defeat followed for the ch in forces  who were obliged to
raise the siege of o yu in all haste and retreat across the border  


   man uvering with an army is advantageous  with an undisciplined
multitude  most dangerous 

 i adopt the reading of the  t ung tien   cheng yu hsien and the  t u
shu   since they appear to apply the exact nuance required in order to
make sense  the commentators using the standard text take this line to
mean that man uvers may be profitable  or they may be dangerous  it all
depends on the ability of the general  


   if you set a fully equipped army in march in order to snatch an
advantage  the chances are that you will be too late  on the other
hand  to detach a flying column for the purpose involves the sacrifice
of its baggage and stores 

 some of the chinese text is unintelligible to the chinese
commentators  who paraphrase the sentence  i submit my own rendering
without much enthusiasm  being convinced that there is some deep seated
corruption in the text  on the whole  it is clear that sun tz  does not
approve of a lengthy march being undertaken without supplies  cf 
infra        


   thus  if you order your men to roll up their buff coats  and make
forced marches without halting day or night  covering double the usual
distance at a stretch 

 the ordinary day s march  according to tu mu  was     li   but on one
occasion  when pursuing liu pei  ts ao ts ao is said to have covered
the incredible distance of      li  within twenty four hours  


doing a hundred  li  in order to wrest an advantage  the leaders of all
your three divisions will fall into the hands of the enemy 

   the stronger men will be in front  the jaded ones will fall behind 
and on this plan only one tenth of your army will reach its
destination 

 the moral is  as ts ao kung and others point out  don t march a
hundred  li  to gain a tactical advantage  either with or without
impedimenta  man uvers of this description should be confined to short
distances  stonewall jackson said   the hardships of forced marches are
often more painful than the dangers of battle   he did not often call
upon his troops for extraordinary exertions  it was only when he
intended a surprise  or when a rapid retreat was imperative  that he
sacrificed everything for speed       


   if you march fifty  li  in order to outman uver the enemy  you will
lose the leader of your first division  and only half your force will
reach the goal 

 literally   the leader of the first division will be  torn away    


    if you march thirty  li  with the same object  two thirds of your
army will arrive 

 in the  t ung tien  is added   from this we may know the difficulty of
man uvering   


    we may take it then that an army without its baggage train is lost 
without provisions it is lost  without bases of supply it is lost 

 i think sun tz  meant  stores accumulated in d p ts   but tu yu says
 fodder and the like   chang yu says  goods in general   and wang hsi
says  fuel  salt  foodstuffs  etc   


    we cannot enter into alliances until we are acquainted with the
designs of our neighbours 

    we are not fit to lead an army on the march unless we are familiar
with the face of the country its mountains and forests  its pitfalls
and precipices  its marshes and swamps 

    we shall be unable to turn natural advantages to account unless we
make use of local guides 

           are repeated in chap  xi        


    in war  practise dissimulation  and you will succeed 

 in the tactics of turenne  deception of the enemy  especially as to
the numerical strength of his troops  took a very prominent position 
     

move only if there is a real advantage to be gained 

    whether to concentrate or to divide your troops  must be decided by
circumstances 

    let your rapidity be that of the wind 

 the simile is doubly appropriate  because the wind is not only swift
but  as mei yao ch en points out   invisible and leaves no tracks   


your compactness that of the forest 

 meng shih comes nearer to the mark in his note   when slowly marching 
order and ranks must be preserved  so as to guard against surprise
attacks  but natural forest do not grow in rows  whereas they do
generally possess the quality of density or compactness  


    in raiding and plundering be like fire 

 cf   shih ching   iv     iv      fierce as a blazing fire which no man
can check   


in immovability like a mountain 

 that is  when holding a position from which the enemy is trying to
dislodge you  or perhaps  as tu yu says  when he is trying to entice
you into a trap  


    let your plans be dark and impenetrable as night  and when you
move  fall like a thunderbolt 

 tu yu quotes a saying of t ai kung which has passed into a proverb 
 you cannot shut your ears to the thunder or your eyes to the
lighting so rapid are they   likewise  an attack should be made so
quickly that it cannot be parried  


    when you plunder a countryside  let the spoil be divided amongst
your men 

 sun tz  wishes to lessen the abuses of indiscriminate plundering by
insisting that all booty shall be thrown into a common stock  which may
afterwards be fairly divided amongst all  


when you capture new territory  cut it up into allotments for the
benefit of the soldiery 

 ch en hao says  quarter your soldiers on the land  and let them sow
and plant it   it is by acting on this principle  and harvesting the
lands they invaded  that the chinese have succeeded in carrying out
some of their most memorable and triumphant expeditions  such as that
of pan ch ao who penetrated to the caspian  and in more recent years 
those of fu k ang an and tso tsung t ang  


    ponder and deliberate before you make a move 

 chang yu quotes wei liao tz  as saying that we must not break camp
until we have gained the resisting power of the enemy and the
cleverness of the opposing general  cf  the  seven comparisons  in i   
    


    he will conquer who has learnt the artifice of deviation 

 see  supra            


such is the art of man uvering 

 with these words  the chapter would naturally come to an end  but
there now follows a long appendix in the shape of an extract from an
earlier book on war  now lost  but apparently extant at the time when
sun tz  wrote  the style of this fragment is not noticeably different
from that of sun tz  himself  but no commentator raises a doubt as to
its genuineness  


    the book of army management says 

 it is perhaps significant that none of the earlier commentators give
us any information about this work  mei yao  ch en calls it  an ancient
military classic   and wang hsi   an old book on war   considering the
enormous amount of fighting that had gone on for centuries before sun
tz  s time between the various kingdoms and principalities of china  it
is not in itself improbable that a collection of military maxims should
have been made and written down at some earlier period  


on the field of battle 

 implied  though not actually in the chinese  


the spoken word does not carry far enough  hence the institution of
gongs and drums  nor can ordinary objects be seen clearly enough  hence
the institution of banners and flags 

    gongs and drums  banners and flags  are means whereby the ears and
eyes of the host may be focussed on one particular point 

 chang yu says   if sight and hearing converge simultaneously on the
same object  the evolutions of as many as a million soldiers will be
like those of a single man    


    the host thus forming a single united body  is it impossible either
for the brave to advance alone  or for the cowardly to retreat alone 

 chuang yu quotes a saying   equally guilty are those who advance
against orders and those who retreat against orders   tu mu tells a
story in this connection of wu ch i  when he was fighting against the
ch in state  before the battle had begun  one of his soldiers  a man of
matchless daring  sallied forth by himself  captured two heads from the
enemy  and returned to camp  wu ch i had the man instantly executed 
whereupon an officer ventured to remonstrate  saying   this man was a
good soldier  and ought not to have been beheaded   wu ch i replied   i
fully believe he was a good soldier  but i had him beheaded because he
acted without orders   


this is the art of handling large masses of men 

    in night fighting  then  make much use of signal fires and drums 
and in fighting by day  of flags and banners  as a means of influencing
the ears and eyes of your army 

 ch en hao alludes to li kuang pi s night ride to ho yang at the head
of     mounted men  they made such an imposing display with torches 
that though the rebel leader shih ssu ming had a large army  he did not
dare to dispute their passage  


    a whole army may be robbed of its spirit 

  in war   says chang yu   if a spirit of anger can be made to pervade
all ranks of an army at one and the same time  its onset will be
irresistible  now the spirit of the enemy s soldiers will be keenest
when they have newly arrived on the scene  and it is therefore our cue
not to fight at once  but to wait until their ardor and enthusiasm have
worn off  and then strike  it is in this way that they may be robbed of
their keen spirit   li ch uan and others tell an anecdote  to be found
in the  tso chuan   year          of ts ao kuei  a protege of duke
chuang of lu  the latter state was attacked by ch i  and the duke was
about to join battle at ch ang cho  after the first roll of the enemy s
drums  when ts ao said   not just yet   only after their drums had
beaten for the third time  did he give the word for attack  then they
fought  and the men of ch i were utterly defeated  questioned
afterwards by the duke as to the meaning of his delay  ts ao kuei
replied   in battle  a courageous spirit is everything  now the first
roll of the drum tends to create this spirit  but with the second it is
already on the wane  and after the third it is gone altogether  i
attacked when their spirit was gone and ours was at its height  hence
our victory   wu tz   chap     puts  spirit  first among the  four
important influences  in war  and continues   the value of a whole
army a mighty host of a million men is dependent on one man alone  such
is the influence of spirit   


a commander in chief may be robbed of his presence of mind 

 chang yu says   presence of mind is the general s most important
asset  it is the quality which enables him to discipline disorder and
to inspire courage into the panic stricken   the great general li ching
 a d           has a saying   attacking does not merely consist in
assaulting walled cities or striking at an army in battle array  it
must include the art of assailing the enemy s mental equilibrium   


    now a soldier s spirit is keenest in the morning 

 always provided  i suppose  that he has had breakfast  at the battle
of the trebia  the romans were foolishly allowed to fight fasting 
whereas hannibal s men had breakfasted at their leisure  see livy  xxi 
liv     lv    and    


by noonday it has begun to flag  and in the evening  his mind is bent
only on returning to camp 

    a clever general  therefore  avoids an army when its spirit is
keen  but attacks it when it is sluggish and inclined to return  this
is the art of studying moods 

    disciplined and calm  to await the appearance of disorder and
hubbub amongst the enemy  this is the art of retaining self possession 

    to be near the goal while the enemy is still far from it  to wait
at ease while the enemy is toiling and struggling  to be well fed while
the enemy is famished  this is the art of husbanding one s strength 

    to refrain from intercepting an enemy whose banners are in perfect
order  to refrain from attacking an army drawn up in calm and confident
array  this is the art of studying circumstances 

    it is a military axiom not to advance uphill against the enemy  nor
to oppose him when he comes downhill 

    do not pursue an enemy who simulates flight  do not attack soldiers
whose temper is keen 

    do not swallow a bait offered by the enemy 

 li ch uan and tu mu  with extraordinary inability to see a metaphor 
take these words quite literally of food and drink that have been
poisoned by the enemy  ch en hao and chang yu carefully point out that
the saying has a wider application  


do not interfere with an army that is returning home 

 the commentators explain this rather singular piece of advice by
saying that a man whose heart is set on returning home will fight to
the death against any attempt to bar his way  and is therefore too
dangerous an opponent to be tackled  chang yu quotes the words of han
hsin   invincible is the soldier who hath his desire and returneth
homewards   a marvelous tale is told of ts ao ts ao s courage and
resource in ch    of the  san kuo chi   in     a d   he was besieging
chang hsiu in jang  when liu piao sent reinforcements with a view to
cutting off ts ao s retreat  the latter was obliged to draw off his
troops  only to find himself hemmed in between two enemies  who were
guarding each outlet of a narrow pass in which he had engaged himself 
in this desperate plight ts ao waited until nightfall  when he bored a
tunnel into the mountain side and laid an ambush in it  as soon as the
whole army had passed by  the hidden troops fell on his rear  while
ts ao himself turned and met his pursuers in front  so that they were
thrown into confusion and annihilated  ts ao ts ao said afterwards 
 the brigands tried to check my army in its retreat and brought me to
battle in a desperate position  hence i knew how to overcome them   


    when you surround an army  leave an outlet free 

 this does not mean that the enemy is to be allowed to escape  the
object  as tu mu puts it  is  to make him believe that there is a road
to safety  and thus prevent his fighting with the courage of despair  
tu mu adds pleasantly   after that  you may crush him   


do not press a desperate foe too hard 

 ch en hao quotes the saying   birds and beasts when brought to bay
will use their claws and teeth   chang yu says   if your adversary has
burned his boats and destroyed his cooking pots  and is ready to stake
all on the issue of a battle  he must not be pushed to extremities   ho
shih illustrates the meaning by a story taken from the life of
yen ch ing  that general  together with his colleague tu chung wei was
surrounded by a vastly superior army of khitans in the year     a d 
the country was bare and desert like  and the little chinese force was
soon in dire straits for want of water  the wells they bored ran dry 
and the men were reduced to squeezing lumps of mud and sucking out the
moisture  their ranks thinned rapidly  until at last fu yen ch ing
exclaimed   we are desperate men  far better to die for our country
than to go with fettered hands into captivity   a strong gale happened
to be blowing from the northeast and darkening the air with dense
clouds of sandy dust  to chung wei was for waiting until this had
abated before deciding on a final attack  but luckily another officer 
li shou cheng by name  was quicker to see an opportunity  and said 
 they are many and we are few  but in the midst of this sandstorm our
numbers will not be discernible  victory will go to the strenuous
fighter  and the wind will be our best ally   accordingly  fu
yen ch ing made a sudden and wholly unexpected onslaught with his
cavalry  routed the barbarians and succeeded in breaking through to
safety  


    such is the art of warfare 

    see col  henderson  op  cit  vol  i  p      

    for a number of maxims on this head  see  marshal turenne 
 longmans         p     



chapter viii  variation of tactics

 the heading means literally  the nine variations   but as sun tz  does
not appear to enumerate these  and as  indeed  he has already told us
 v          that such deflections from the ordinary course are
practically innumerable  we have little option but to follow wang hsi 
who says that  nine  stands for an indefinitely large number   all it
means is that in warfare we ought to vary our tactics to the utmost
degree   i do not know what ts ao kung makes these nine variations out
to be  but it has been suggested that they are connected with the nine
situations    of chapt  xi  this is the view adopted by chang yu  the
only other alternative is to suppose that something has been lost a
supposition to which the unusual shortness of the chapter lends some
weight  


   sun tz  said  in war  the general receives his commands from the
sovereign  collects his army and concentrates his forces 

 repeated from vii       where it is certainly more in place  it may
have been interpolated here merely in order to supply a beginning to
the chapter  


   when in difficult country  do not encamp  in country where high
roads intersect  join hands with your allies  do not linger in
dangerously isolated positions 

 the last situation is not one of the nine situations as given in the
beginning of chap  xi  but occurs later on  ibid        q v    chang yu
defines this situation as being situated across the frontier  in
hostile territory  li ch uan says it is  country in which there are no
springs or wells  flocks or herds  vegetables or firewood   chia lin 
 one of gorges  chasms and precipices  without a road by which to
advance   


in hemmed in situations  you must resort to stratagem  in a desperate
position  you must fight 

   there are roads which must not be followed 

  especially those leading through narrow defiles   says li ch uan 
 where an ambush is to be feared   


armies which must be not attacked 

 more correctly  perhaps   there are times when an army must not be
attacked   ch en hao says   when you see your way to obtain a rival
advantage  but are powerless to inflict a real defeat  refrain from
attacking  for fear of overtaxing your men s strength   


towns which must not be besieged 

 cf  iii      ts ao kung gives an interesting illustration from his own
experience  when invading the territory of hsu chou  he ignored the
city of hua pi  which lay directly in his path  and pressed on into the
heart of the country  this excellent strategy was rewarded by the
subsequent capture of no fewer than fourteen important district cities 
chang yu says   no town should be attacked which  if taken  cannot be
held  or if left alone  will not cause any trouble   hsun ying  when
urged to attack pi yang  replied   the city is small and
well fortified  even if i succeed intaking it  it will be no great feat
of arms  whereas if i fail  i shall make myself a laughing stock   in
the seventeenth century  sieges still formed a large proportion of war 
it was turenne who directed attention to the importance of marches 
countermarches and man uvers  he said   it is a great mistake to waste
men in taking a town when the same expenditure of soldiers will gain a
province        


positions which must not be contested  commands of the sovereign which
must not be obeyed 

 this is a hard saying for the chinese  with their reverence for
authority  and wei liao tz   quoted by tu mu  is moved to exclaim 
 weapons are baleful instruments  strife is antagonistic to virtue  a
military commander is the negation of civil order   the unpalatable
fact remains  however  that even imperial wishes must be subordinated
to military necessity  


   the general who thoroughly understands the advantages that accompany
variation of tactics knows how to handle his troops 

   the general who does not understand these  may be well acquainted
with the configuration of the country  yet he will not be able to turn
his knowledge to practical account 

 literally   get the advantage of the ground   which means not only
securing good positions  but availing oneself of natural advantages in
every possible way  chang yu says   every kind of ground is
characterized by certain natural features  and also gives scope for a
certain variability of plan  how it is possible to turn these natural
features to account unless topographical knowledge is supplemented by
versatility of mind   


   so  the student of war who is unversed in the art of war of varying
his plans  even though he be acquainted with the five advantages  will
fail to make the best use of his men 

 chia lin tells us that these imply five obvious and generally
advantageous lines of action  namely   if a certain road is short  it
must be followed  if an army is isolated  it must be attacked  if a
town is in a parlous condition  it must be besieged  if a position can
be stormed  it must be attempted  and if consistent with military
operations  the ruler s commands must be obeyed   but there are
circumstances which sometimes forbid a general to use these advantages 
for instance   a certain road may be the shortest way for him  but if
he knows that it abounds in natural obstacles  or that the enemy has
laid an ambush on it  he will not follow that road  a hostile force may
be open to attack  but if he knows that it is hard pressed and likely
to fight with desperation  he will refrain from striking   and so on  


   hence in the wise leader s plans  considerations of advantage and of
disadvantage will be blended together 

  whether in an advantageous position or a disadvantageous one   says
ts ao kung   the opposite state should be always present to your
mind   


   if our expectation of advantage be tempered in this way  we may
succeed in accomplishing the essential part of our schemes 

 tu mu says   if we wish to wrest an advantage from the enemy  we must
not fix our minds on that alone  but allow for the possibility of the
enemy also doing some harm to us  and let this enter as a factor into
our calculations   


   if  on the other hand  in the midst of difficulties we are always
ready to seize an advantage  we may extricate ourselves from
misfortune 

 tu mu says   if i wish to extricate myself from a dangerous position 
i must consider not only the enemy s ability to injure me  but also my
own ability to gain an advantage over the enemy  if in my counsels
these two considerations are properly blended  i shall succeed in
liberating myself   for instance  if i am surrounded by the enemy and
only think of effecting an escape  the nervelessness of my policy will
incite my adversary to pursue and crush me  it would be far better to
encourage my men to deliver a bold counter attack  and use the
advantage thus gained to free myself from the enemy s toils   see the
story of ts ao ts ao  vii        note  


    reduce the hostile chiefs by inflicting damage on them 

 chia lin enumerates several ways of inflicting this injury  some of
which would only occur to the oriental mind   entice away the enemy s
best and wisest men  so that he may be left without counselors 
introduce traitors into his country  that the government policy may be
rendered futile  foment intrigue and deceit  and thus sow dissension
between the ruler and his ministers  by means of every artful
contrivance  cause deterioration amongst his men and waste of his
treasure  corrupt his morals by insidious gifts leading him into
excess  disturb and unsettle his mind by presenting him with lovely
women   chang yu  after wang hsi  makes a different interpretation of
sun tz  here   get the enemy into a position where he must suffer
injury  and he will submit of his own accord   


and make trouble for them 

 tu mu  in this phrase  in his interpretation indicates that trouble
should be made for the enemy affecting their  possessions   or  as we
might say   assets   which he considers to be  a large army  a rich
exchequer  harmony amongst the soldiers  punctual fulfillment of
commands   these give us a whip hand over the enemy  


and keep them constantly engaged 

 literally   make servants of them   tu yu says  prevent them from
having any rest   


hold out specious allurements  and make them rush to any given point 

 meng shih s note contains an excellent example of the idiomatic use
of   cause them to forget  pien   the reasons for acting otherwise than
on their first impulse   and hasten in our direction   


    the art of war teaches us to rely not on the likelihood of the
enemy s not coming  but on our own readiness to receive him  not on the
chance of his not attacking  but rather on the fact that we have made
our position unassailable 

    there are five dangerous faults which may affect a general     
recklessness  which leads to destruction 

  bravery without forethought   as ts ao kung analyzes it  which causes
a man to fight blindly and desperately like a mad bull  such an
opponent  says chang yu   must not be encountered with brute force  but
may be lured into an ambush and slain   cf  wu tz   chap  iv  ad init  
 in estimating the character of a general  men are wont to pay
exclusive attention to his courage  forgetting that courage is only one
out of many qualities which a general should possess  the merely brave
man is prone to fight recklessly  and he who fights recklessly  without
any perception of what is expedient  must be condemned   ssu ma fa 
too  makes the incisive remark   simply going to one s death does not
bring about victory   


    cowardice  which leads to capture 

 ts ao kung defines the chinese word translated here as  cowardice  as
being of the man  whom timidity prevents from advancing to seize an
advantage   and wang hsi adds  who is quick to flee at the sight of
danger   meng shih gives the closer paraphrase  he who is bent on
returning alive   this is  the man who will never take a risk  but  as
sun tz  knew  nothing is to be achieved in war unless you are willing
to take risks  t ai kung said   he who lets an advantage slip will
subsequently bring upon himself real disaster   in     a d   liu yu
pursued the rebel huan hsuan up the yangtsze and fought a naval battle
with him at the island of ch eng hung  the loyal troops numbered only a
few thousands  while their opponents were in great force  but huan
hsuan  fearing the fate which was in store for him should be be
overcome  had a light boat made fast to the side of his war junk  so
that he might escape  if necessary  at a moment s notice  the natural
result was that the fighting spirit of his soldiers was utterly
quenched  and when the loyalists made an attack from windward with
fireships  all striving with the utmost ardor to be first in the fray 
huan hsuan s forces were routed  had to burn all their baggage and fled
for two days and nights without stopping  chang yu tells a somewhat
similar story of chao ying ch i  a general of the chin state who during
a battle with the army of ch u in     b c  had a boat kept in readiness
for him on the river  wishing in case of defeat to be the first to get
across  


    a hasty temper  which can be provoked by insults 

 tu mu tells us that yao hsing  when opposed in     a d  by huang mei 
teng ch iang and others shut himself up behind his walls and refused to
fight  teng ch iang said   our adversary is of a choleric temper and
easily provoked  let us make constant sallies and break down his walls 
then he will grow angry and come out  once we can bring his force to
battle  it is doomed to be our prey   this plan was acted upon  yao
hsiang came out to fight  was lured as far as san yuan by the enemy s
pretended flight  and finally attacked and slain  


    a delicacy of honour which is sensitive to shame 

this need not be taken to mean that a sense of honour is really a defect
in a general  what sun tz  condemns is rather an exaggerated
sensitiveness to slanderous reports  the thin skinned man who is stung
by opprobrium  however undeserved  mei yao ch en truly observes  though
somewhat paradoxically   the seeker after glory should be careless of
public opinion   


    over solicitude for his men  which exposes him to worry and
trouble 

 here again  sun tz  does not mean that the general is to be careless
of the welfare of his troops  all he wishes to emphasize is the danger
of sacrificing any important military advantage to the immediate
comfort of his men  this is a shortsighted policy  because in the long
run the troops will suffer more from the defeat  or  at best  the
prolongation of the war  which will be the consequence  a mistaken
feeling of pity will often induce a general to relieve a beleaguered
city  or to reinforce a hard pressed detachment  contrary to his
military instincts  it is now generally admitted that our repeated
efforts to relieve ladysmith in the south african war were so many
strategical blunders which defeated their own purpose  and in the end 
relief came through the very man who started out with the distinct
resolve no longer to subordinate the interests of the whole to
sentiment in favour of a part  an old soldier of one of our generals who
failed most conspicuously in this war  tried once  i remember  to
defend him to me on the ground that he was always  so good to his men  
by this plea  had he but known it  he was only condemning him out of
sun tz  s mouth  


    these are the five besetting sins of a general  ruinous to the
conduct of war 

    when an army is overthrown and its leader slain  the cause will
surely be found among these five dangerous faults  let them be a
subject of meditation 

     marshal turenne   p     



chapter ix  the army on the march

 the contents of this interesting chapter are better indicated in    
than by this heading  


   sun tz  said  we come now to the question of encamping the army  and
observing signs of the enemy  pass quickly over mountains  and keep in
the neighbourhood of valleys 

 the idea is  not to linger among barren uplands  but to keep close to
supplies of water and grass  cf  wu tz   ch      abide not in natural
ovens   i e   the openings of valleys   chang yu tells the following
anecdote  wu tu ch iang was a robber captain in the time of the later
han  and ma yuan was sent to exterminate his gang  ch iang having found
a refuge in the hills  ma yuan made no attempt to force a battle  but
seized all the favourable positions commanding supplies of water and
forage  ch iang was soon in such a desperate plight for want of
provisions that he was forced to make a total surrender  he did not
know the advantage of keeping in the neighbourhood of valleys   


   camp in high places 

 not on high hills  but on knolls or hillocks elevated above the
surrounding country  


facing the sun 

 tu mu takes this to mean  facing south   and ch en hao  facing east  
cf  infra            


do not climb heights in order to fight  so much for mountain warfare 

   after crossing a river  you should get far away from it 

  in order to tempt the enemy to cross after you   according to ts ao
kung  and also  says chang yu   in order not to be impeded in your
evolutions   the  t ung tien  reads   if  the enemy  crosses a river  
etc  but in view of the next sentence  this is almost certainly an
interpolation  


   when an invading force crosses a river in its onward march  do not
advance to meet it in mid stream  it will be best to let half the army
get across  and then deliver your attack 

 li ch uan alludes to the great victory won by han hsin over lung chu
at the wei river  turning to the  ch ien han shu   ch      fol   
verso  we find the battle described as follows   the two armies were
drawn up on opposite sides of the river  in the night  han hsin ordered
his men to take some ten thousand sacks filled with sand and construct
a dam higher up  then  leading half his army across  he attacked lung
chu  but after a time  pretending to have failed in his attempt  he
hastily withdrew to the other bank  lung chu was much elated by this
unlooked for success  and exclaiming   i felt sure that han hsin was
really a coward   he pursued him and began crossing the river in his
turn  han hsin now sent a party to cut open the sandbags  thus
releasing a great volume of water  which swept down and prevented the
greater portion of lung chu s army from getting across  he then turned
upon the force which had been cut off  and annihilated it  lung chu
himself being amongst the slain  the rest of the army  on the further
bank  also scattered and fled in all directions  


   if you are anxious to fight  you should not go to meet the invader
near a river which he has to cross 

 for fear of preventing his crossing  


   moor your craft higher up than the enemy  and facing the sun 

 see  supra        the repetition of these words in connection with
water is very awkward  chang yu has the note   said either of troops
marshalled on the river bank  or of boats anchored in the stream itself 
in either case it is essential to be higher than the enemy and facing
the sun   the other commentators are not at all explicit  


do not move up stream to meet the enemy 

 tu mu says   as water flows downwards  we must not pitch our camp on
the lower reaches of a river  for fear the enemy should open the
sluices and sweep us away in a flood  chu ko wu hou has remarked that
 in river warfare we must not advance against the stream   which is as
much as to say that our fleet must not be anchored below that of the
enemy  for then they would be able to take advantage of the current and
make short work of us   there is also the danger  noted by other
commentators  that the enemy may throw poison on the water to be
carried down to us  


so much for river warfare 

   in crossing salt marshes  your sole concern should be to get over
them quickly  without any delay 

 because of the lack of fresh water  the poor quality of the herbage 
and last but not least  because they are low  flat  and exposed to
attack  


   if forced to fight in a salt marsh  you should have water and grass
near you  and get your back to a clump of trees 

 li ch uan remarks that the ground is less likely to be treacherous
where there are trees  while tu mu says that they will serve to protect
the rear  


so much for operations in salt marshes 

   in dry  level country  take up an easily accessible position with
rising ground to your right and on your rear 

 tu mu quotes t ai kung as saying   an army should have a stream or a
marsh on its left  and a hill or tumulus on its right   


so that the danger may be in front  and safety lie behind  so much for
campaigning in flat country 

    these are the four useful branches of military knowledge

 those  namely  concerned with     mountains      rivers      marshes 
and     plains  compare napoleon s  military maxims   no     


which enabled the yellow emperor to vanquish four several sovereigns 

 regarding the  yellow emperor   mei yao ch en asks  with some
plausibility  whether there is an error in the text as nothing is known
of huang ti having conquered four other emperors  the  shih chi   ch   
ad init   speaks only of his victories over yen ti and ch ih yu  in the
 liu t ao  it is mentioned that he  fought seventy battles and pacified
the empire   ts ao kung s explanation is  that the yellow emperor was
the first to institute the feudal system of vassals princes  each of
whom  to the number of four  originally bore the title of emperor  li
ch uan tells us that the art of war originated under huang ti  who
received it from his minister feng hou  


    all armies prefer high ground to low 

  high ground   says mei yao ch en   is not only more agreeable and
salubrious  but more convenient from a military point of view  low
ground is not only damp and unhealthy  but also disadvantageous for
fighting   


and sunny places to dark 

    if you are careful of your men 

 ts ao kung says   make for fresh water and pasture  where you can turn
out your animals to graze   


and camp on hard ground  the army will be free from disease of every
kind 

 chang yu says   the dryness of the climate will prevent the outbreak
of illness   


and this will spell victory 

    when you come to a hill or a bank  occupy the sunny side  with the
slope on your right rear  thus you will at once act for the benefit of
your soldiers and utilise the natural advantages of the ground 

    when  in consequence of heavy rains up country  a river which you
wish to ford is swollen and flecked with foam  you must wait until it
subsides 

    country in which there are precipitous cliffs with torrents running
between  deep natural hollows 

the latter defined as  places enclosed on every side by steep banks 
with pools of water at the bottom   


confined places 

 defined as  natural pens or prisons  or  places surrounded by
precipices on three sides easy to get into  but hard to get out of   


tangled thickets 

 defined as  places covered with such dense undergrowth that spears
cannot be used   


quagmires

 defined as  low lying places  so heavy with mud as to be impassable
for chariots and horsemen   


and crevasses 

 defined by mei yao ch en as  a narrow difficult way between beetling
cliffs   tu mu s note is  ground covered with trees and rocks  and
intersected by numerous ravines and pitfalls   this is very vague  but
chia lin explains it clearly enough as a defile or narrow pass  and
chang yu takes much the same view  on the whole  the weight of the
commentators certainly inclines to the rendering  defile   but the
ordinary meaning of the chinese in one place is  a crack or fissure 
and the fact that the meaning of the chinese elsewhere in the sentence
indicates something in the nature of a defile  make me think that sun
tz  is here speaking of crevasses  


should be left with all possible speed and not approached 

    while we keep away from such places  we should get the enemy to
approach them  while we face them  we should let the enemy have them on
his rear 

    if in the neighbourhood of your camp there should be any hilly
country  ponds surrounded by aquatic grass  hollow basins filled with
reeds  or woods with thick undergrowth  they must be carefully routed
out and searched  for these are places where men in ambush or insidious
spies are likely to be lurking 

 chang yu has the note   we must also be on our guard against traitors
who may lie in close covert  secretly spying out our weaknesses and
overhearing our instructions   


    when the enemy is close at hand and remains quiet  he is relying on
the natural strength of his position 

 here begin sun tz  s remarks on the reading of signs  much of which is
so good that it could almost be included in a modern manual like gen 
baden powell s  aids to scouting   


    when he keeps aloof and tries to provoke a battle  he is anxious
for the other side to advance 

 probably because we are in a strong position from which he wishes to
dislodge us   if he came close up to us  says tu mu   and tried to
force a battle  he would seem to despise us  and there would be less
probability of our responding to the challenge   


    if his place of encampment is easy of access  he is tendering a
bait 

    movement amongst the trees of a forest shows that the enemy is
advancing 

 ts ao kung explains this as  felling trees to clear a passage   and
chang yu says   every man sends out scouts to climb high places and
observe the enemy  if a scout sees that the trees of a forest are
moving and shaking  he may know that they are being cut down to clear a
passage for the enemy s march   


the appearance of a number of screens in the midst of thick grass means
that the enemy wants to make us suspicious 

 tu yu s explanation  borrowed from ts ao kung s  is as follows   the
presence of a number of screens or sheds in the midst of thick
vegetation is a sure sign that the enemy has fled and  fearing pursuit 
has constructed these hiding places in order to make us suspect an
ambush   it appears that these  screens  were hastily knotted together
out of any long grass which the retreating enemy happened to come
across  


    the rising of birds in their flight is the sign of an ambuscade 

 chang yu s explanation is doubtless right   when birds that are flying
along in a straight line suddenly shoot upwards  it means that soldiers
are in ambush at the spot beneath   


startled beasts indicate that a sudden attack is coming 

    when there is dust rising in a high column  it is the sign of
chariots advancing  when the dust is low  but spread over a wide area 
it betokens the approach of infantry 

  high and sharp   or rising to a peak  is of course somewhat
exaggerated as applied to dust  the commentators explain the phenomenon
by saying that horses and chariots  being heavier than men  raise more
dust  and also follow one another in the same wheel track  whereas
foot soldiers would be marching in ranks  many abreast  according to
chang yu   every army on the march must have scouts some way in
advance  who on sighting dust raised by the enemy  will gallop back and
report it to the commander in chief   cf  gen  baden powell   as you
move along  say  in a hostile country  your eyes should be looking afar
for the enemy or any signs of him  figures  dust rising  birds getting
up  glitter of arms  etc        


when it branches out in different directions  it shows that parties
have been sent to collect firewood  a few clouds of dust moving to and
fro signify that the army is encamping 

 chang yu says   in apportioning the defences for a cantonment  light
horse will be sent out to survey the position and ascertain the weak
and strong points all along its circumference  hence the small quantity
of dust and its motion   


    humble words and increased preparations are signs that the enemy is
about to advance 

  as though they stood in great fear of us   says tu mu   their object
is to make us contemptuous and careless  after which they will attack
us   chang yu alludes to the story of t ien tan of the ch i mo against
the yen forces  led by ch i chieh  in ch     of the  shih chi  we read 
 t ien tan openly said   my only fear is that the yen army may cut off
the noses of their ch i prisoners and place them in the front rank to
fight against us  that would be the undoing of our city   the other
side being informed of this speech  at once acted on the suggestion 
but those within the city were enraged at seeing their
fellow countrymen thus mutilated  and fearing only lest they should
fall into the enemy s hands  were nerved to defend themselves more
obstinately than ever  once again t ien tan sent back converted spies
who reported these words to the enemy   what i dread most is that the
men of yen may dig up the ancestral tombs outside the town  and by
inflicting this indignity on our forefathers cause us to become
faint hearted   forthwith the besiegers dug up all the graves and
burned the corpses lying in them  and the inhabitants of chi mo 
witnessing the outrage from the city walls  wept passionately and were
all impatient to go out and fight  their fury being increased tenfold 
t ien tan knew then that his soldiers were ready for any enterprise 
but instead of a sword  he himself took a mattock in his hands  and
ordered others to be distributed amongst his best warriors  while the
ranks were filled up with their wives and concubines  he then served
out all the remaining rations and bade his men eat their fill  the
regular soldiers were told to keep out of sight  and the walls were
manned with the old and weaker men and with women  this done  envoys
were dispatched to the enemy s camp to arrange terms of surrender 
whereupon the yen army began shouting for joy  t ien tan also collected
       ounces of silver from the people  and got the wealthy citizens
of chi mo to send it to the yen general with the prayer that  when the
town capitulated  he would not allow their homes to be plundered or
their women to be maltreated  ch i chieh  in high good humor  granted
their prayer  but his army now became increasingly slack and careless 
meanwhile  t ien tan got together a thousand oxen  decked them with
pieces of red silk  painted their bodies  dragon like  with colored
stripes  and fastened sharp blades on their horns and well greased
rushes on their tails  when night came on  he lighted the ends of the
rushes  and drove the oxen through a number of holes which he had
pierced in the walls  backing them up with a force of      picked
warriors  the animals  maddened with pain  dashed furiously into the
enemy s camp where they caused the utmost confusion and dismay  for
their tails acted as torches  showing up the hideous pattern on their
bodies  and the weapons on their horns killed or wounded any with whom
they came into contact  in the meantime  the band of      had crept up
with gags in their mouths  and now threw themselves on the enemy  at
the same moment a frightful din arose in the city itself  all those
that remained behind making as much noise as possible by banging drums
and hammering on bronze vessels  until heaven and earth were convulsed
by the uproar  terror stricken  the yen army fled in disorder  hotly
pursued by the men of ch i  who succeeded in slaying their general ch i
chien   the result of the battle was the ultimate recovery of some
seventy cities which had belonged to the ch i state   


violent language and driving forward as if to the attack are signs that
he will retreat 

    when the light chariots come out first and take up a position on
the wings  it is a sign that the enemy is forming for battle 

    peace proposals unaccompanied by a sworn covenant indicate a plot 

 the reading here is uncertain  li ch uan indicates  a treaty confirmed
by oaths and hostages   wang hsi and chang yu  on the other hand 
simply say  without reason    on a frivolous pretext   


    when there is much running about

 every man hastening to his proper place under his own regimental
banner  


and the soldiers fall into rank  it means that the critical moment has
come 

    when some are seen advancing and some retreating  it is a lure 

    when the soldiers stand leaning on their spears  they are faint
from want of food 

    if those who are sent to draw water begin by drinking themselves 
the army is suffering from thirst 

 as tu mu remarks   one may know the condition of a whole army from the
behavior of a single man   


    if the enemy sees an advantage to be gained and makes no effort to
secure it  the soldiers are exhausted 

    if birds gather on any spot  it is unoccupied 

 a useful fact to bear in mind when  for instance  as ch en hao says 
the enemy has secretly abandoned his camp  


clamour by night betokens nervousness 

    if there is disturbance in the camp  the general s authority is
weak  if the banners and flags are shifted about  sedition is afoot  if
the officers are angry  it means that the men are weary 

 tu mu understands the sentence differently   if all the officers of an
army are angry with their general  it means that they are broken with
fatigue  owing to the exertions which he has demanded from them  


    when an army feeds its horses with grain and kills its cattle for
food 

 in the ordinary course of things  the men would be fed on grain and
the horses chiefly on grass  


and when the men do not hang their cooking pots over the camp fires 
showing that they will not return to their tents  you may know that
they are determined to fight to the death 

 i may quote here the illustrative passage from the  hou han shu   ch 
    given in abbreviated form by the  p ei wen yun fu    the rebel wang
kuo of liang was besieging the town of ch en  ts ang  and huang fu
sung  who was in supreme command  and tung cho were sent out against
him  the latter pressed for hasty measures  but sung turned a deaf ear
to his counsel  at last the rebels were utterly worn out  and began to
throw down their weapons of their own accord  sung was not advancing to
the attack  but cho said   it is a principle of war not to pursue
desperate men and not to press a retreating host   sung answered   that
does not apply here  what i am about to attack is a jaded army  not a
retreating host  with disciplined troops i am falling on a disorganized
multitude  not a band of desperate men   thereupon he advances to the
attack unsupported by his colleague  and routed the enemy  wang kuo
being slain   


    the sight of men whispering together in small knots or speaking in
subdued tones points to disaffection amongst the rank and file 

    too frequent rewards signify that the enemy is at the end of his
resources 

 because  when an army is hard pressed  as tu mu says  there is always
a fear of mutiny  and lavish rewards are given to keep the men in good
temper  


too many punishments betray a condition of dire distress 

 because in such case discipline becomes relaxed  and unwonted severity
is necessary to keep the men to their duty  


    to begin by bluster  but afterwards to take fright at the enemy s
numbers  shows a supreme lack of intelligence 

 i follow the interpretation of ts ao kung  also adopted by li ch uan 
tu mu  and chang yu  another possible meaning set forth by tu yu  chia
lin  mei tao ch en and wang hsi  is   the general who is first
tyrannical towards his men  and then in terror lest they should mutiny 
etc   this would connect the sentence with what went before about
rewards and punishments  


    when envoys are sent with compliments in their mouths  it is a sign
that the enemy wishes for a truce 

 tu mu says   if the enemy open friendly relations be sending hostages 
it is a sign that they are anxious for an armistice  either because
their strength is exhausted or for some other reason   but it hardly
needs a sun tz  to draw such an obvious inference  


    if the enemy s troops march up angrily and remain facing ours for a
long time without either joining battle or taking themselves off again 
the situation is one that demands great vigilance and circumspection 

 ts ao kung says a man uver of this sort may be only a ruse to gain
time for an unexpected flank attack or the laying of an ambush  


    if our troops are no more in number than the enemy  that is amply
sufficient  it only means that no direct attack can be made 

 literally   no martial advance   that is to say   cheng  tactics and
frontal attacks must be eschewed  and stratagem resorted to instead  


what we can do is simply to concentrate all our available strength 
keep a close watch on the enemy  and obtain reinforcements 

 this is an obscure sentence  and none of the commentators succeed in
squeezing very good sense out of it  i follow li ch uan  who appears to
offer the simplest explanation   only the side that gets more men will
win   fortunately we have chang yu to expound its meaning to us in
language which is lucidity itself   when the numbers are even  and no
favourable opening presents itself  although we may not be strong enough
to deliver a sustained attack  we can find additional recruits amongst
our sutlers and camp followers  and then  concentrating our forces and
keeping a close watch on the enemy  contrive to snatch the victory  but
we must avoid borrowing foreign soldiers to help us   he then quotes
from wei liao tz   ch      the nominal strength of mercenary troops may
be          but their real value will be not more than half that
figure   


    he who exercises no forethought but makes light of his opponents is
sure to be captured by them 

 ch en hao  quoting from the  tso chuan   says   if bees and scorpions
carry poison  how much more will a hostile state  even a puny opponent 
then  should not be treated with contempt   


    if soldiers are punished before they have grown attached to you 
they will not prove submissive  and  unless submissive  then will be
practically useless  if  when the soldiers have become attached to you 
punishments are not enforced  they will still be useless 

    therefore soldiers must be treated in the first instance with
humanity  but kept under control by means of iron discipline 

 yen tz   b c       said of ssu ma jang chu   his civil virtues
endeared him to the people  his martial prowess kept his enemies in
awe   cf  wu tz   ch    init    the ideal commander unites culture with
a warlike temper  the profession of arms requires a combination of
hardness and tenderness   


this is a certain road to victory 

    if in training soldiers commands are habitually enforced  the army
will be well disciplined  if not  its discipline will be bad 

    if a general shows confidence in his men but always insists on his
orders being obeyed 

 tu mu says   a general ought in time of peace to show kindly
confidence in his men and also make his authority respected  so that
when they come to face the enemy  orders may be executed and discipline
maintained  because they all trust and look up to him   what sun tz 
has said in       however  would lead one rather to expect something
like this   if a general is always confident that his orders will be
carried out   etc   


the gain will be mutual 

 chang yu says   the general has confidence in the men under his
command  and the men are docile  having confidence in him  thus the
gain is mutual   he quotes a pregnant sentence from wei liao tz   ch 
    the art of giving orders is not to try to rectify minor blunders
and not to be swayed by petty doubts   vacillation and fussiness are
the surest means of sapping the confidence of an army  


     aids to scouting   p     



chapter x  terrain

 only about a third of the chapter  comprising          deals with
 terrain   the subject being more fully treated in ch  xi  the  six
calamities  are discussed in           and the rest of the chapter is
again a mere string of desultory remarks  though not less interesting 
perhaps  on that account  


   sun tz  said  we may distinguish six kinds of terrain  to wit     
accessible ground 

 mei yao ch en says   plentifully provided with roads and means of
communications   


    entangling ground 

 the same commentator says   net like country  venturing into which you
become entangled   


    temporising ground 

 ground which allows you to  stave off  or  delay   


    narrow passes      precipitous heights      positions at a great
distance from the enemy 

 it is hardly necessary to point out the faultiness of this
classification  a strange lack of logical perception is shown in the
chinaman s unquestioning acceptance of glaring cross divisions such as
the above  


   ground which can be freely traversed by both sides is called
 accessible  

   with regard to ground of this nature  be before the enemy in
occupying the raised and sunny spots  and carefully guard your line of
supplies 

 the general meaning of the last phrase is doubtlessly  as tu yu says 
 not to allow the enemy to cut your communications   in view of
napoleon s dictum   the secret of war lies in the communications      
we could wish that sun tz  had done more than skirt the edge of this
important subject here and in i        vii        col  henderson says 
 the line of supply may be said to be as vital to the existence of an
army as the heart to the life of a human being  just as the duelist who
finds his adversary s point menacing him with certain death  and his
own guard astray  is compelled to conform to his adversary s movements 
and to content himself with warding off his thrusts  so the commander
whose communications are suddenly threatened finds himself in a false
position  and he will be fortunate if he has not to change all his
plans  to split up his force into more or less isolated detachments 
and to fight with inferior numbers on ground which he has not had time
to prepare  and where defeat will not be an ordinary failure  but will
entail the ruin or surrender of his whole army      


then you will be able to fight with advantage 

   ground which can be abandoned but is hard to re occupy is called
 entangling  

   from a position of this sort  if the enemy is unprepared  you may
sally forth and defeat him  but if the enemy is prepared for your
coming  and you fail to defeat him  then  return being impossible 
disaster will ensue 

   when the position is such that neither side will gain by making the
first move  it is called  temporising  ground 

 tu mu says   each side finds it inconvenient to move  and the
situation remains at a deadlock   


   in a position of this sort  even though the enemy should offer us an
attractive bait 

 tu yu says   turning their backs on us and pretending to flee   but
this is only one of the lures which might induce us to quit our
position  


it will be advisable not to stir forth  but rather to retreat  thus
enticing the enemy in his turn  then  when part of his army has come
out  we may deliver our attack with advantage 

   with regard to  narrow passes   if you can occupy them first  let
them be strongly garrisoned and await the advent of the enemy 

 because then  as tu yu observes   the initiative will lie with us  and
by making sudden and unexpected attacks we shall have the enemy at our
mercy   


   should the enemy forestall you in occupying a pass  do not go after
him if the pass is fully garrisoned  but only if it is weakly
garrisoned 

    with regard to  precipitous heights   if you are beforehand with
your adversary  you should occupy the raised and sunny spots  and there
wait for him to come up 

 ts ao kung says   the particular advantage of securing heights and
defiles is that your actions cannot then be dictated by the enemy  
 for the enunciation of the grand principle alluded to  see vi       
chang yu tells the following anecdote of p ei hsing chien  a d 
          who was sent on a punitive expedition against the turkic
tribes   at night he pitched his camp as usual  and it had already been
completely fortified by wall and ditch  when suddenly he gave orders
that the army should shift its quarters to a hill near by  this was
highly displeasing to his officers  who protested loudly against the
extra fatigue which it would entail on the men  p ei hsing chien 
however  paid no heed to their remonstrances and had the camp moved as
quickly as possible  the same night  a terrific storm came on  which
flooded their former place of encampment to the depth of over twelve
feet  the recalcitrant officers were amazed at the sight  and owned
that they had been in the wrong   how did you know what was going to
happen   they asked  p ei hsing chien replied   from this time forward
be content to obey orders without asking unnecessary questions   from
this it may be seen   chang yu continues   that high and sunny places
are advantageous not only for fighting  but also because they are
immune from disastrous floods   


    if the enemy has occupied them before you  do not follow him  but
retreat and try to entice him away 

 the turning point of li shih min s campaign in     a d  against the
two rebels  tou chien te  king of hsia  and wang shih ch ung  prince of
cheng  was his seizure of the heights of wu lao  in spite of which tou
chien te persisted in his attempt to relieve his ally in lo yang  was
defeated and taken prisoner  see  chiu t ang shu   ch     fol    verso 
and also ch      


    if you are situated at a great distance from the enemy  and the
strength of the two armies is equal  it is not easy to provoke a
battle 

 the point is that we must not think of undertaking a long and
wearisome march  at the end of which  as tu yu says   we should be
exhausted and our adversary fresh and keen   


and fighting will be to your disadvantage 

    these six are the principles connected with earth 

 or perhaps   the principles relating to ground   see  however  i   
   


the general who has attained a responsible post must be careful to
study them 

    now an army is exposed to six several calamities  not arising from
natural causes  but from faults for which the general is responsible 
these are      flight      insubordination      collapse      ruin     
disorganisation      rout 

    other conditions being equal  if one force is hurled against
another ten times its size  the result will be the  flight  of the
former 

    when the common soldiers are too strong and their officers too
weak  the result is  insubordination  

 tu mu cites the unhappy case of t ien pu   hsin t ang shu   ch       
who was sent to wei in     a d  with orders to lead an army against
wang t ing ts ou  but the whole time he was in command  his soldiers
treated him with the utmost contempt  and openly flouted his authority
by riding about the camp on donkeys  several thousands at a time  t ien
pu was powerless to put a stop to this conduct  and when  after some
months had passed  he made an attempt to engage the enemy  his troops
turned tail and dispersed in every direction  after that  the
unfortunate man committed suicide by cutting his throat  


when the officers are too strong and the common soldiers too weak  the
result is  collapse  

 ts ao kung says   the officers are energetic and want to press on  the
common soldiers are feeble and suddenly collapse   


    when the higher officers are angry and insubordinate  and on
meeting the enemy give battle on their own account from a feeling of
resentment  before the commander in chief can tell whether or no he is
in a position to fight  the result is  ruin  

 wang hsi s note is   this means  the general is angry without cause 
and at the same time does not appreciate the ability of his subordinate
officers  thus he arouses fierce resentment and brings an avalanche of
ruin upon his head   


    when the general is weak and without authority  when his orders are
not clear and distinct 

 wei liao tz   ch     says   if the commander gives his orders with
decision  the soldiers will not wait to hear them twice  if his moves
are made without vacillation  the soldiers will not be in two minds
about doing their duty   general baden powell says  italicizing the
words   the secret of getting successful work out of your trained men
lies in one nutshell in the clearness of the instructions they
receive       cf  also wu tz  ch      the most fatal defect in a
military leader is difference  the worst calamities that befall an army
arise from hesitation   


when there are no fixed duties assigned to officers and men 

 tu mu says   neither officers nor men have any regular routine   


and the ranks are formed in a slovenly haphazard manner  the result is
utter  disorganisation  

    when a general  unable to estimate the enemy s strength  allows an
inferior force to engage a larger one  or hurls a weak detachment
against a powerful one  and neglects to place picked soldiers in the
front rank  the result must be a  rout  

 chang yu paraphrases the latter part of the sentence and continues 
 whenever there is fighting to be done  the keenest spirits should be
appointed to serve in the front ranks  both in order to strengthen the
resolution of our own men and to demoralize the enemy   cf  the primi
ordines of caesar   de bello gallico   v          et al    


    these are six ways of courting defeat  which must be carefully
noted by the general who has attained a responsible post 

 see  supra         


    the natural formation of the country is the soldier s best ally 

 ch en hao says   the advantages of weather and season are not equal to
those connected with ground   


but a power of estimating the adversary  of controlling the forces of
victory  and of shrewdly calculating difficulties  dangers and
distances  constitutes the test of a great general 

    he who knows these things  and in fighting puts his knowledge into
practice  will win his battles  he who knows them not  nor practises
them  will surely be defeated 

    if fighting is sure to result in victory  then you must fight  even
though the ruler forbid it  if fighting will not result in victory 
then you must not fight even at the ruler s bidding 

 cf  viii      fin  huang shih kung of the ch in dynasty  who is said
to have been the patron of chang liang and to have written the  san
lueh   has these words attributed to him   the responsibility of
setting an army in motion must devolve on the general alone  if advance
and retreat are controlled from the palace  brilliant results will
hardly be achieved  hence the god like ruler and the enlightened
monarch are content to play a humble part in furthering their country s
cause  lit   kneel down to push the chariot wheel    this means that
 in matters lying outside the zenana  the decision of the military
commander must be absolute   chang yu also quote the saying   decrees
from the son of heaven do not penetrate the walls of a camp   


    the general who advances without coveting fame and retreats without
fearing disgrace 

 it was wellington  i think  who said that the hardest thing of all for
a soldier is to retreat  


whose only thought is to protect his country and do good service for
his sovereign  is the jewel of the kingdom 

 a noble presentiment  in few words  of the chinese  happy warrior  
such a man  says ho shih   even if he had to suffer punishment  would
not regret his conduct   


    regard your soldiers as your children  and they will follow you
into the deepest valleys  look on them as your own beloved sons  and
they will stand by you even unto death 

 cf  i       in this connection  tu mu draws for us an engaging picture
of the famous general wu ch i  from whose treatise on war i have
frequently had occasion to quote   he wore the same clothes and ate the
same food as the meanest of his soldiers  refused to have either a
horse to ride or a mat to sleep on  carried his own surplus rations
wrapped in a parcel  and shared every hardship with his men  one of his
soldiers was suffering from an abscess  and wu ch i himself sucked out
the virus  the soldier s mother  hearing this  began wailing and
lamenting  somebody asked her  saying   why do you cry  your son is
only a common soldier  and yet the commander in chief himself has
sucked the poison from his sore   the woman replied   many years ago 
lord wu performed a similar service for my husband  who never left him
afterwards  and finally met his death at the hands of the enemy  and
now that he has done the same for my son  he too will fall fighting i
know not where    li ch uan mentions the viscount of ch u  who invaded
the small state of hsiao during the winter  the duke of shen said to
him   many of the soldiers are suffering severely from the cold   so he
made a round of the whole army  comforting and encouraging the men  and
straightway they felt as if they were clothed in garments lined with
floss silk  


    if  however  you are indulgent  but unable to make your authority
felt  kind hearted  but unable to enforce your commands  and incapable 
moreover  of quelling disorder  then your soldiers must be likened to
spoilt children  they are useless for any practical purpose 

 li ching once said that if you could make your soldiers afraid of you 
they would not be afraid of the enemy  tu mu recalls an instance of
stern military discipline which occurred in     a d   when lu meng was
occupying the town of chiang ling  he had given stringent orders to his
army not to molest the inhabitants nor take anything from them by
force  nevertheless  a certain officer serving under his banner  who
happened to be a fellow townsman  ventured to appropriate a bamboo hat
belonging to one of the people  in order to wear it over his regulation
helmet as a protection against the rain  lu meng considered that the
fact of his being also a native of ju nan should not be allowed to
palliate a clear breach of discipline  and accordingly he ordered his
summary execution  the tears rolling down his face  however  as he did
so  this act of severity filled the army with wholesome awe  and from
that time forth even articles dropped in the highway were not picked
up  


    if we know that our own men are in a condition to attack  but are
unaware that the enemy is not open to attack  we have gone only halfway
towards victory 

 that is  ts ao kung says   the issue in this case is uncertain   


    if we know that the enemy is open to attack  but are unaware that
our own men are not in a condition to attack  we have gone only halfway
towards victory 

 cf  iii            


    if we know that the enemy is open to attack  and also know that our
men are in a condition to attack  but are unaware that the nature of
the ground makes fighting impracticable  we have still gone only
halfway towards victory 

    hence the experienced soldier  once in motion  is never bewildered 
once he has broken camp  he is never at a loss 

 the reason being  according to tu mu  that he has taken his measures
so thoroughly as to ensure victory beforehand   he does not move
recklessly   says chang yu   so that when he does move  he makes no
mistakes   


    hence the saying  if you know the enemy and know yourself  your
victory will not stand in doubt  if you know heaven and know earth  you
may make your victory complete 

 li ch uan sums up as follows   given a knowledge of three things the
affairs of men  the seasons of heaven and the natural advantages of
earth   victory will invariably crown your battles   


    see  pensees de napoleon  er   no     

     the science of war   chap    

     aids to scouting   p  xii 



chapter xi  the nine situations

   sun tz  said  the art of war recognises nine varieties of ground 
    dispersive ground      facile ground      contentious ground     
open ground      ground of intersecting highways      serious ground 
    difficult ground      hemmed in ground      desperate ground 

   when a chieftain is fighting in his own territory  it is dispersive
ground 

 so called because the soldiers  being near to their homes and anxious
to see their wives and children  are likely to seize the opportunity
afforded by a battle and scatter in every direction   in their
advance   observes tu mu   they will lack the valor of desperation  and
when they retreat  they will find harbors of refuge   


   when he has penetrated into hostile territory  but to no great
distance  it is facile ground 

 li ch uan and ho shih say  because of the facility for retreating  
and the other commentators give similar explanations  tu mu remarks 
 when your army has crossed the border  you should burn your boats and
bridges  in order to make it clear to everybody that you have no
hankering after home   


   ground the possession of which imports great advantage to either
side  is contentious ground 

 tu mu defines the ground as ground  to be contended for   ts ao kung
says   ground on which the few and the weak can defeat the many and the
strong   such as  the neck of a pass   instanced by li ch uan  thus 
thermopylae was of this classification because the possession of it 
even for a few days only  meant holding the entire invading army in
check and thus gaining invaluable time  cf  wu tz   ch  v  ad init  
 for those who have to fight in the ratio of one to ten  there is
nothing better than a narrow pass   when lu kuang was returning from
his triumphant expedition to turkestan in     a d   and had got as far
as i ho  laden with spoils  liang hsi  administrator of liang chou 
taking advantage of the death of fu chien  king of ch in  plotted
against him and was for barring his way into the province  yang han 
governor of kao ch ang  counseled him  saying   lu kuang is fresh from
his victories in the west  and his soldiers are vigorous and
mettlesome  if we oppose him in the shifting sands of the desert  we
shall be no match for him  and we must therefore try a different plan 
let us hasten to occupy the defile at the mouth of the kao wu pass 
thus cutting him off from supplies of water  and when his troops are
prostrated with thirst  we can dictate our own terms without moving  or
if you think that the pass i mention is too far off  we could make a
stand against him at the i wu pass  which is nearer  the cunning and
resource of tz  fang himself would be expended in vain against the
enormous strength of these two positions   liang hsi  refusing to act
on this advice  was overwhelmed and swept away by the invader  


   ground on which each side has liberty of movement is open ground 

 there are various interpretations of the chinese adjective for this
type of ground  ts ao kung says it means  ground covered with a network
of roads   like a chessboard  ho shih suggested   ground on which
intercommunication is easy   


   ground which forms the key to three contiguous states 

 ts au kung defines this as   our country adjoining the enemy s and a
third country conterminous with both   meng shih instances the small
principality of cheng  which was bounded on the north east by ch i  on
the west by chin  and on the south by ch u  


so that he who occupies it first has most of the empire at his command 

 the belligerent who holds this dominating position can constrain most
of them to become his allies  


is ground of intersecting highways 

   when an army has penetrated into the heart of a hostile country 
leaving a number of fortified cities in its rear  it is serious ground 

 wang hsi explains the name by saying that  when an army has reached
such a point  its situation is serious   


   mountain forests 

 or simply  forests   


rugged steeps  marshes and fens all country that is hard to traverse 
this is difficult ground 

   ground which is reached through narrow gorges  and from which we can
only retire by tortuous paths  so that a small number of the enemy
would suffice to crush a large body of our men  this is hemmed in
ground 

    ground on which we can only be saved from destruction by fighting
without delay  is desperate ground 

 the situation  as pictured by ts ao kung  is very similar to the
 hemmed in ground  except that here escape is no longer possible   a
lofty mountain in front  a large river behind  advance impossible 
retreat blocked   ch en hao says   to be on  desperate ground  is like
sitting in a leaking boat or crouching in a burning house   tu mu
quotes from li ching a vivid description of the plight of an army thus
entrapped   suppose an army invading hostile territory without the aid
of local guides  it falls into a fatal snare and is at the enemy s
mercy  a ravine on the left  a mountain on the right  a pathway so
perilous that the horses have to be roped together and the chariots
carried in slings  no passage open in front  retreat cut off behind  no
choice but to proceed in single file  then  before there is time to
range our soldiers in order of battle  the enemy is overwhelming
strength suddenly appears on the scene  advancing  we can nowhere take
a breathing space  retreating  we have no haven of refuge  we seek a
pitched battle  but in vain  yet standing on the defensive  none of us
has a moment s respite  if we simply maintain our ground  whole days
and months will crawl by  the moment we make a move  we have to sustain
the enemy s attacks on front and rear  the country is wild  destitute
of water and plants  the army is lacking in the necessaries of life 
the horses are jaded and the men worn out  all the resources of
strength and skill unavailing  the pass so narrow that a single man
defending it can check the onset of ten thousand  all means of offense
in the hands of the enemy  all points of vantage already forfeited by
ourselves  in this terrible plight  even though we had the most valiant
soldiers and the keenest of weapons  how could they be employed with
the slightest effect   students of greek history may be reminded of the
awful close to the sicilian expedition  and the agony of the athenians
under nicias and demonsthenes   see thucydides  vii     sqq    


    on dispersive ground  therefore  fight not  on facile ground  halt
not  on contentious ground  attack not 

 but rather let all your energies be bent on occupying the advantageous
position first  so ts ao kung  li ch uan and others  however  suppose
the meaning to be that the enemy has already forestalled us  sot that
it would be sheer madness to attack  in the  sun tz  hsu lu   when the
king of wu inquires what should be done in this case  sun tz  replies 
 the rule with regard to contentious ground is that those in possession
have the advantage over the other side  if a position of this kind is
secured first by the enemy  beware of attacking him  lure him away by
pretending to flee show your banners and sound your drums make a dash
for other places that he cannot afford to lose trail brushwood and
raise a dust confound his ears and eyes detach a body of your best
troops  and place it secretly in ambuscade  then your opponent will
sally forth to the rescue   


    on open ground  do not try to block the enemy s way 

 because the attempt would be futile  and would expose the blocking
force itself to serious risks  there are two interpretations available
here  i follow that of chang yu  the other is indicated in ts ao kung s
brief note   draw closer together  i e   see that a portion of your own
army is not cut off  


on ground of intersecting highways  join hands with your allies 

 or perhaps   form alliances with neighbouring states   


    on serious ground  gather in plunder 

 on this  li ch uan has the following delicious note   when an army
penetrates far into the enemy s country  care must be taken not to
alienate the people by unjust treatment  follow the example of the han
emperor kao tsu  whose march into ch in territory was marked by no
violation of women or looting of valuables   nota bene  this was in    
b c   and may well cause us to blush for the christian armies that
entered peking in      a d   thus he won the hearts of all  in the
present passage  then  i think that the true reading must be  not
 plunder   but  do not plunder    alas  i fear that in this instance
the worthy commentator s feelings outran his judgment  tu mu  at least 
has no such illusions  he says   when encamped on  serious ground  
there being no inducement as yet to advance further  and no possibility
of retreat  one ought to take measures for a protracted resistance by
bringing in provisions from all sides  and keep a close watch on the
enemy   


in difficult ground  keep steadily on the march 

 or  in the words of viii        do not encamp  


    on hemmed in ground  resort to stratagem 

 ts au kung says   try the effect of some unusual artifice   and tu yu
amplifies this by saying   in such a position  some scheme must be
devised which will suit the circumstances  and if we can succeed in
deluding the enemy  the peril may be escaped   this is exactly what
happened on the famous occasion when hannibal was hemmed in among the
mountains on the road to casilinum  and to all appearances entrapped by
the dictator fabius  the stratagem which hannibal devised to baffle his
foes was remarkably like that which t ien tan had also employed with
success exactly    years before   see ix        note   when night came
on  bundles of twigs were fastened to the horns of some      oxen and
set on fire  the terrified animals being then quickly driven along the
mountain side towards the passes which were beset by the enemy  the
strange spectacle of these rapidly moving lights so alarmed and
discomfited the romans that they withdrew from their position  and
hannibal s army passed safely through the defile   see polybius  iii 
        livy  xxii         


on desperate ground  fight 

 for  as chia lin remarks   if you fight with all your might  there is
a chance of life  where as death is certain if you cling to your
corner   


    those who were called skilful leaders of old knew how to drive a
wedge between the enemy s front and rear 

 more literally   cause the front and rear to lose touch with each
other   


to prevent co operation between his large and small divisions  to
hinder the good troops from rescuing the bad  the officers from
rallying their men 

    when the enemy s men were scattered  they prevented them from
concentrating  even when their forces were united  they managed to keep
them in disorder 

    when it was to their advantage  they made a forward move  when
otherwise  they stopped still 

 mei yao ch en connects this with the foregoing   having succeeded in
thus dislocating the enemy  they would push forward in order to secure
any advantage to be gained  if there was no advantage to be gained 
they would remain where they were   


    if asked how to cope with a great host of the enemy in orderly
array and on the point of marching to the attack  i should say   begin
by seizing something which your opponent holds dear  then he will be
amenable to your will  

 opinions differ as to what sun tz  had in mind  ts ao kung thinks it
is  some strategical advantage on which the enemy is depending   tu mu
says   the three things which an enemy is anxious to do  and on the
accomplishment of which his success depends  are      to capture our
favourable positions      to ravage our cultivated land      to guard
his own communications   our object then must be to thwart his plans in
these three directions and thus render him helpless   cf  iii        by
boldly seizing the initiative in this way  you at once throw the other
side on the defensive  


    rapidity is the essence of war 

 according to tu mu   this is a summary of leading principles in
warfare   and he adds   these are the profoundest truths of military
science  and the chief business of the general   the following
anecdotes  told by ho shih  shows the importance attached to speed by
two of china s greatest generals  in     a d   meng ta  governor of
hsin ch eng under the wei emperor wen ti  was meditating defection to
the house of shu  and had entered into correspondence with chu ko
liang  prime minister of that state  the wei general ssu ma i was then
military governor of wan  and getting wind of meng ta s treachery  he
at once set off with an army to anticipate his revolt  having
previously cajoled him by a specious message of friendly import 
ssu ma s officers came to him and said   if meng ta has leagued himself
with wu and shu  the matter should be thoroughly investigated before we
make a move   ssu ma i replied   meng ta is an unprincipled man  and we
ought to go and punish him at once  while he is still wavering and
before he has thrown off the mask   then  by a series of forced
marches  be brought his army under the walls of hsin ch eng with in a
space of eight days  now meng ta had previously said in a letter to
chu ko liang   wan is       li  from here  when the news of my revolt
reaches ssu ma i  he will at once inform his imperial master  but it
will be a whole month before any steps can be taken  and by that time
my city will be well fortified  besides  ssu ma i is sure not to come
himself  and the generals that will be sent against us are not worth
troubling about   the next letter  however  was filled with
consternation   though only eight days have passed since i threw off my
allegiance  an army is already at the city gates  what miraculous
rapidity is this   a fortnight later  hsin  ch eng had fallen and meng
ta had lost his head   see  chin shu   ch     f      in     a d   li
ching was sent from k uei chou in ssu ch uan to reduce the successful
rebel hsiao hsien  who had set up as emperor at the modern ching chou
fu in hupeh  it was autumn  and the yangtsze being then in flood  hsiao
hsien never dreamt that his adversary would venture to come down
through the gorges  and consequently made no preparations  but li ching
embarked his army without loss of time  and was just about to start
when the other generals implored him to postpone his departure until
the river was in a less dangerous state for navigation  li ching
replied   to the soldier  overwhelming speed is of paramount
importance  and he must never miss opportunities  now is the time to
strike  before hsiao hsien even knows that we have got an army
together  if we seize the present moment when the river is in flood  we
shall appear before his capital with startling suddenness  like the
thunder which is heard before you have time to stop your ears against
it   see vii        note   this is the great principle in war  even if
he gets to know of our approach  he will have to levy his soldiers in
such a hurry that they will not be fit to oppose us  thus the full
fruits of victory will be ours   all came about as he predicted  and
hsiao hsien was obliged to surrender  nobly stipulating that his people
should be spared and he alone suffer the penalty of death  


take advantage of the enemy s unreadiness  make your way by unexpected
routes  and attack unguarded spots 

    the following are the principles to be observed by an invading
force  the further you penetrate into a country  the greater will be
the solidarity of your troops  and thus the defenders will not prevail
against you 

    make forays in fertile country in order to supply your army with
food 

 cf   supra         li ch uan does not venture on a note here  


    carefully study the well being of your men 

 for  well being   wang hsi means   pet them  humor them  give them
plenty of food and drink  and look after them generally   


and do not overtax them  concentrate your energy and hoard your
strength 

 ch en recalls the line of action adopted in     b c  by the famous
general wang chien  whose military genius largely contributed to the
success of the first emperor  he had invaded the ch u state  where a
universal levy was made to oppose him  but  being doubtful of the
temper of his troops  he declined all invitations to fight and remained
strictly on the defensive  in vain did the ch u general try to force a
battle  day after day wang chien kept inside his walls and would not
come out  but devoted his whole time and energy to winning the
affection and confidence of his men  he took care that they should be
well fed  sharing his own meals with them  provided facilities for
bathing  and employed every method of judicious indulgence to weld them
into a loyal and homogenous body  after some time had elapsed  he told
off certain persons to find out how the men were amusing themselves 
the answer was  that they were contending with one another in putting
the weight and long jumping  when wang chien heard that they were
engaged in these athletic pursuits  he knew that their spirits had been
strung up to the required pitch and that they were now ready for
fighting  by this time the ch u army  after repeating their challenge
again and again  had marched away eastwards in disgust  the ch in
general immediately broke up his camp and followed them  and in the
battle that ensued they were routed with great slaughter  shortly
afterwards  the whole of ch u was conquered by ch in  and the king
fu ch u led into captivity  


keep your army continually on the move 

 in order that the enemy may never know exactly where you are  it has
struck me  however  that the true reading might be  link your army
together   


and devise unfathomable plans 

    throw your soldiers into positions whence there is no escape  and
they will prefer death to flight  if they will face death  there is
nothing they may not achieve 

 chang yu quotes his favourite wei liao tz   ch       if one man were to
run amok with a sword in the market place  and everybody else tried to
get our of his way  i should not allow that this man alone had courage
and that all the rest were contemptible cowards  the truth is  that a
desperado and a man who sets some value on his life do not meet on even
terms   


officers and men alike will put forth their uttermost strength 

 chang yu says   if they are in an awkward place together  they will
surely exert their united strength to get out of it   


    soldiers when in desperate straits lose the sense of fear  if there
is no place of refuge  they will stand firm  if they are in the heart
of a hostile country  they will show a stubborn front  if there is no
help for it  they will fight hard 

    thus  without waiting to be marshalled  the soldiers will be
constantly on the  qui vive   without waiting to be asked  they will do
your will 

 literally   without asking  you will get   


without restrictions  they will be faithful  without giving orders 
they can be trusted 

    prohibit the taking of omens  and do away with superstitious
doubts  then  until death itself comes  no calamity need be feared 

 the superstitious   bound in to saucy doubts and fears   degenerate
into cowards and  die many times before their deaths   tu mu quotes
huang shih kung    spells and incantations should be strictly
forbidden  and no officer allowed to inquire by divination into the
fortunes of an army  for fear the soldiers  minds should be seriously
perturbed   the meaning is   he continues   that if all doubts and
scruples are discarded  your men will never falter in their resolution
until they die   


    if our soldiers are not overburdened with money  it is not because
they have a distaste for riches  if their lives are not unduly long  it
is not because they are disinclined to longevity 

 chang yu has the best note on this passage   wealth and long life are
things for which all men have a natural inclination  hence  if they
burn or fling away valuables  and sacrifice their own lives  it is not
that they dislike them  but simply that they have no choice   sun tz 
is slyly insinuating that  as soldiers are but human  it is for the
general to see that temptations to shirk fighting and grow rich are not
thrown in their way  


    on the day they are ordered out to battle  your soldiers may weep 

 the word in the chinese is  snivel   this is taken to indicate more
genuine grief than tears alone  


those sitting up bedewing their garments  and those lying down letting
the tears run down their cheeks 

 not because they are afraid  but because  as ts ao kung says   all
have embraced the firm resolution to do or die   we may remember that
the heroes of the iliad were equally childlike in showing their
emotion  chang yu alludes to the mournful parting at the i river
between ching k o and his friends  when the former was sent to attempt
the life of the king of ch in  afterwards first emperor  in     b c 
the tears of all flowed down like rain as he bade them farewell and
uttered the following lines   the shrill blast is blowing  chilly the
burn  your champion is going not to return        


but let them once be brought to bay  and they will display the courage
of a chu or a kuei 

 chu was the personal name of chuan chu  a native of the wu state and
contemporary with sun tz  himself  who was employed by kung tzu kuang 
better known as ho lu wang  to assassinate his sovereign wang liao with
a dagger which he secreted in the belly of a fish served up at a
banquet  he succeeded in his attempt  but was immediately hacked to
pieces by the king s bodyguard  this was in     b c  the other hero
referred to  ts ao kuei  or ts ao mo   performed the exploit which has
made his name famous     years earlier  in     b c  lu had been thrice
defeated by ch i  and was just about to conclude a treaty surrendering
a large slice of territory  when ts ao kuei suddenly seized huan kung 
the duke of ch i  as he stood on the altar steps and held a dagger
against his chest  none of the duke s retainers dared to move a muscle 
and ts ao kuei proceeded to demand full restitution  declaring the lu
was being unjustly treated because she was a smaller and a weaker
state  huan kung  in peril of his life  was obliged to consent 
whereupon ts ao kuei flung away his dagger and quietly resumed his
place amid the terrified assemblage without having so much as changed
color  as was to be expected  the duke wanted afterwards to repudiate
the bargain  but his wise old counselor kuan chung pointed out to him
the impolicy of breaking his word  and the upshot was that this bold
stroke regained for lu the whole of what she had lost in three pitched
battles  


    the skilful tactician may be likened to the  shuai jan   now the
 shuai jan  is a snake that is found in the ch ang mountains 

   shuai jan   means  suddenly  or  rapidly   and the snake in question
was doubtless so called owing to the rapidity of its movements  through
this passage  the term in the chinese has now come to be used in the
sense of  military man uvers   


strike at its head  and you will be attacked by its tail  strike at its
tail  and you will be attacked by its head  strike at its middle  and
you will be attacked by head and tail both 

    asked if an army can be made to imitate the  shuai jan  

 that is  as mei yao ch en says   is it possible to make the front and
rear of an army each swiftly responsive to attack on the other  just as
though they were part of a single living body   


i should answer  yes  for the men of wu and the men of y eh are
enemies 

 cf  vi        


yet if they are crossing a river in the same boat and are caught by a
storm  they will come to each other s assistance just as the left hand
helps the right 

 the meaning is  if two enemies will help each other in a time of
common peril  how much more should two parts of the same army  bound
together as they are by every tie of interest and fellow feeling  yet
it is notorious that many a campaign has been ruined through lack of
cooperation  especially in the case of allied armies  


    hence it is not enough to put one s trust in the tethering of
horses  and the burying of chariot wheels in the ground 

 these quaint devices to prevent one s army from running away recall
the athenian hero sophanes  who carried the anchor with him at the
battle of plataea  by means of which he fastened himself firmly to one
spot   see herodotus  ix       it is not enough  says sun tz   to
render flight impossible by such mechanical means  you will not succeed
unless your men have tenacity and unity of purpose  and  above all  a
spirit of sympathetic cooperation  this is the lesson which can be
learned from the  shuai jan   


    the principle on which to manage an army is to set up one standard
of courage which all must reach 

 literally   level the courage  of all  as though  it were that of 
one   if the ideal army is to form a single organic whole  then it
follows that the resolution and spirit of its component parts must be
of the same quality  or at any rate must not fall below a certain
standard  wellington s seemingly ungrateful description of his army at
waterloo as  the worst he had ever commanded  meant no more than that
it was deficient in this important particular unity of spirit and
courage  had he not foreseen the belgian defections and carefully kept
those troops in the background  he would almost certainly have lost the
day  


    how to make the best of both strong and weak that is a question
involving the proper use of ground 

 mei yao ch en s paraphrase is   the way to eliminate the differences
of strong and weak and to make both serviceable is to utilize
accidental features of the ground   less reliable troops  if posted in
strong positions  will hold out as long as better troops on more
exposed terrain  the advantage of position neutralizes the inferiority
in stamina and courage  col  henderson says   with all respect to the
text books  and to the ordinary tactical teaching  i am inclined to
think that the study of ground is often overlooked  and that by no
means sufficient importance is attached to the selection of positions 
and to the immense advantages that are to be derived  whether you are
defending or attacking  from the proper utilization of natural
features        


    thus the skilful general conducts his army just as though he were
leading a single man  willy nilly  by the hand 

 tu mu says   the simile has reference to the ease with which he does
it   


    it is the business of a general to be quiet and thus ensure
secrecy  upright and just  and thus maintain order 

    he must be able to mystify his officers and men by false reports
and appearances 

 literally   to deceive their eyes and ears   


and thus keep them in total ignorance 

 ts ao kung gives us one of his excellent apophthegms   the troops must
not be allowed to share your schemes in the beginning  they may only
rejoice with you over their happy outcome    to mystify  mislead  and
surprise the enemy   is one of the first principles in war  as had been
frequently pointed out  but how about the other process the
mystification of one s own men  those who may think that sun tz  is
over emphatic on this point would do well to read col  henderson s
remarks on stonewall jackson s valley campaign   the infinite pains  
he says   with which jackson sought to conceal  even from his most
trusted staff officers  his movements  his intentions  and his
thoughts  a commander less thorough would have pronounced useless  etc 
etc      in the year    a d   as we read in ch     of the  hou han
shu    pan ch ao took the field with        men from khotan and other
central asian states with the object of crushing yarkand  the king of
kutcha replied by dispatching his chief commander to succour the place
with an army drawn from the kingdoms of wen su  ku mo  and wei t ou 
totaling        men  pan ch ao summoned his officers and also the king
of khotan to a council of war  and said   our forces are now
outnumbered and unable to make head against the enemy  the best plan 
then  is for us to separate and disperse  each in a different
direction  the king of khotan will march away by the easterly route 
and i will then return myself towards the west  let us wait until the
evening drum has sounded and then start   pan ch ao now secretly
released the prisoners whom he had taken alive  and the king of kutcha
was thus informed of his plans  much elated by the news  the latter set
off at once at the head of        horsemen to bar pan ch ao s retreat
in the west  while the king of wen su rode eastward with      horse in
order to intercept the king of khotan  as soon as pan ch ao knew that
the two chieftains had gone  he called his divisions together  got them
well in hand  and at cock crow hurled them against the army of yarkand 
as it lay encamped  the barbarians  panic stricken  fled in confusion 
and were closely pursued by pan ch ao  over      heads were brought
back as trophies  besides immense spoils in the shape of horses and
cattle and valuables of every description  yarkand then capitulating 
kutcha and the other kingdoms drew off their respective forces  from
that time forward  pan ch ao s prestige completely overawed the
countries of the west   in this case  we see that the chinese general
not only kept his own officers in ignorance of his real plans  but
actually took the bold step of dividing his army in order to deceive
the enemy  


    by altering his arrangements and changing his plans 

 wang hsi thinks that this means not using the same stratagem twice  


he keeps the enemy without definite knowledge 

 chang yu  in a quotation from another work  says   the axiom  that war
is based on deception  does not apply only to deception of the enemy 
you must deceive even your own soldiers  make them follow you  but
without letting them know why   


by shifting his camp and taking circuitous routes  he prevents the
enemy from anticipating his purpose 

    at the critical moment  the leader of an army acts like one who has
climbed up a height and then kicks away the ladder behind him  he
carries his men deep into hostile territory before he shows his hand 

 literally   releases the spring   see v         that is  takes some
decisive step which makes it impossible for the army to return like
hsiang yu  who sunk his ships after crossing a river  ch en hao 
followed by chia lin  understands the words less well as  puts forth
every artifice at his command   


    he burns his boats and breaks his cooking pots  like a shepherd
driving a flock of sheep  he drives his men this way and that  and
none knows whither he is going 

 tu mu says   the army is only cognizant of orders to advance or
retreat  it is ignorant of the ulterior ends of attacking and
conquering   


    to muster his host and bring it into danger  this may be termed the
business of the general 

 sun tz  means that after mobilization there should be no delay in
aiming a blow at the enemy s heart  note how he returns again and again
to this point  among the warring states of ancient china  desertion was
no doubt a much more present fear and serious evil than it is in the
armies of today  


    the different measures suited to the nine varieties of ground 

 chang yu says   one must not be hide bound in interpreting the rules
for the nine varieties of ground   


the expediency of aggressive or defensive tactics  and the fundamental
laws of human nature  these are things that must most certainly be
studied 

    when invading hostile territory  the general principle is  that
penetrating deeply brings cohesion  penetrating but a short way means
dispersion 

 cf   supra         


    when you leave your own country behind  and take your army across
neighbourhood territory  you find yourself on critical ground 

 this  ground  is curiously mentioned in viii       but it does not
figure among the nine situations or the six calamities in chap  x 
one s first impulse would be to translate it distant ground   but this 
if we can trust the commentators  is precisely what is not meant here 
mei yao ch en says it is  a position not far enough advanced to be
called  facile   and not near enough to home to be  dispersive   but
something between the two   wang hsi says   it is ground separated from
home by an interjacent state  whose territory we have had to cross in
order to reach it  hence  it is incumbent on us to settle our business
there quickly   he adds that this position is of rare occurrence  which
is the reason why it is not included among the nine situations  


when there are means of communication on all four sides  the ground is
one of intersecting highways 

    when you penetrate deeply into a country  it is serious ground 
when you penetrate but a little way  it is facile ground 

    when you have the enemy s strongholds on your rear  and narrow
passes in front  it is hemmed in ground  when there is no place of
refuge at all  it is desperate ground 

    therefore  on dispersive ground  i would inspire my men with unity
of purpose 

 this end  according to tu mu  is best attained by remaining on the
defensive  and avoiding battle  cf   supra         


on facile ground  i would see that there is close connection between
all parts of my army 

 as tu mu says  the object is to guard against two possible
contingencies       the desertion of our own troops      a sudden
attack on the part of the enemy   cf  vii        mei yao ch en says 
 on the march  the regiments should be in close touch  in an
encampment  there should be continuity between the fortifications   


    on contentious ground  i would hurry up my rear 

 this is ts ao kung s interpretation  chang yu adopts it  saying   we
must quickly bring up our rear  so that head and tail may both reach
the goal   that is  they must not be allowed to straggle up a long way
apart  mei yao ch en offers another equally plausible explanation 
 supposing the enemy has not yet reached the coveted position  and we
are behind him  we should advance with all speed in order to dispute
its possession   ch en hao  on the other hand  assuming that the enemy
has had time to select his own ground  quotes vi       where sun tz 
warns us against coming exhausted to the attack  his own idea of the
situation is rather vaguely expressed   if there is a favourable
position lying in front of you  detach a picked body of troops to
occupy it  then if the enemy  relying on their numbers  come up to make
a fight for it  you may fall quickly on their rear with your main body 
and victory will be assured   it was thus  he adds  that chao she beat
the army of ch in   see p       


    on open ground  i would keep a vigilant eye on my defences  on
ground of intersecting highways  i would consolidate my alliances 

    on serious ground  i would try to ensure a continuous stream of
supplies 

 the commentators take this as referring to forage and plunder  not  as
one might expect  to an unbroken communication with a home base  


on difficult ground  i would keep pushing on along the road 

    on hemmed in ground  i would block any way of retreat 

 meng shih says   to make it seem that i meant to defend the position 
whereas my real intention is to burst suddenly through the enemy s
lines   mei yao ch en says   in order to make my soldiers fight with
desperation   wang hsi says   fearing lest my men be tempted to run
away   tu mu points out that this is the converse of vii        where
it is the enemy who is surrounded  in     a d   kao huan  afterwards
emperor and canonized as shen wu  was surrounded by a great army under
erh chu chao and others  his own force was comparatively small 
consisting only of      horse and something under        foot  the
lines of investment had not been drawn very closely together  gaps
being left at certain points  but kao huan  instead of trying to
escape  actually made a shift to block all the remaining outlets
himself by driving into them a number of oxen and donkeys roped
together  as soon as his officers and men saw that there was nothing
for it but to conquer or die  their spirits rose to an extraordinary
pitch of exaltation  and they charged with such desperate ferocity that
the opposing ranks broke and crumbled under their onslaught  


on desperate ground  i would proclaim to my soldiers the hopelessness
of saving their lives 

tu yu says   burn your baggage and impedimenta  throw away your stores
and provisions  choke up the wells  destroy your cooking stoves  and
make it plain to your men that they cannot survive  but must fight to
the death   mei yao ch en says   the only chance of life lies in giving
up all hope of it   this concludes what sun tz  has to say about
 grounds  and the  variations  corresponding to them  reviewing the
passages which bear on this important subject  we cannot fail to be
struck by the desultory and unmethodical fashion in which it is
treated  sun tz  begins abruptly in viii      to enumerate  variations 
before touching on  grounds  at all  but only mentions five  namely
nos          and   of the subsequent list  and one that is not included
in it  a few varieties of ground are dealt with in the earlier portion
of chap  ix  and then chap  x sets forth six new grounds  with six
variations of plan to match  none of these is mentioned again  though
the first is hardly to be distinguished from ground no    in the next
chapter  at last  in chap  xi  we come to the nine grounds par
excellence  immediately followed by the variations  this takes us down
to       in           fresh definitions are provided for nos          
  and    in the order given   as well as for the tenth ground noticed
in chap  viii  and finally  the nine variations are enumerated once
more from beginning to end  all  with the exception of      and   
being different from those previously given  though it is impossible to
account for the present state of sun tz  s text  a few suggestive facts
maybe brought into prominence      chap  viii  according to the title 
should deal with nine variations  whereas only five appear      it is
an abnormally short chapter      chap  xi is entitled the nine grounds 
several of these are defined twice over  besides which there are two
distinct lists of the corresponding variations      the length of the
chapter is disproportionate  being double that of any other except ix 
i do not propose to draw any inferences from these facts  beyond the
general conclusion that sun tz  s work cannot have come down to us in
the shape in which it left his hands  chap  viii is obviously defective
and probably out of place  while xi seems to contain matter that has
either been added by a later hand or ought to appear elsewhere  


    for it is the soldier s disposition to offer an obstinate
resistance when surrounded  to fight hard when he cannot help himself 
and to obey promptly when he has fallen into danger 

 chang yu alludes to the conduct of pan ch ao s devoted followers in   
a d  the story runs thus in the  hou han shu   ch       when pan ch ao
arrived at shan shan  kuang  the king of the country  received him at
first with great politeness and respect  but shortly afterwards his
behavior underwent a sudden change  and he became remiss and negligent 
pan ch ao spoke about this to the officers of his suite   have you
noticed   he said   that kuang s polite intentions are on the wane 
this must signify that envoys have come from the northern barbarians 
and that consequently he is in a state of indecision  not knowing with
which side to throw in his lot  that surely is the reason  the truly
wise man  we are told  can perceive things before they have come to
pass  how much more  then  those that are already manifest   thereupon
he called one of the natives who had been assigned to his service  and
set a trap for him  saying   where are those envoys from the hsiung nu
who arrived some day ago   the man was so taken aback that between
surprise and fear he presently blurted out the whole truth  pan ch ao 
keeping his informant carefully under lock and key  then summoned a
general gathering of his officers  thirty six in all  and began
drinking with them  when the wine had mounted into their heads a
little  he tried to rouse their spirit still further by addressing them
thus   gentlemen  here we are in the heart of an isolated region 
anxious to achieve riches and honour by some great exploit  now it
happens that an ambassador from the hsiung no arrived in this kingdom
only a few days ago  and the result is that the respectful courtesy
extended towards us by our royal host has disappeared  should this
envoy prevail upon him to seize our party and hand us over to the
hsiung no  our bones will become food for the wolves of the desert 
what are we to do   with one accord  the officers replied   standing as
we do in peril of our lives  we will follow our commander through life
and death   for the sequel of this adventure  see chap  xii      
note  


    we cannot enter into alliance with neighbouring princes until we are
acquainted with their designs  we are not fit to lead an army on the
march unless we are familiar with the face of the country its mountains
and forests  its pitfalls and precipices  its marshes and swamps  we
shall be unable to turn natural advantages to account unless we make
use of local guides 

 these three sentences are repeated from vii           in order to
emphasize their importance  the commentators seem to think  i prefer to
regard them as interpolated here in order to form an antecedent to the
following words  with regard to local guides  sun tz  might have added
that there is always the risk of going wrong  either through their
treachery or some misunderstanding such as livy records  xxii      
hannibal  we are told  ordered a guide to lead him into the
neighbourhood of casinum  where there was an important pass to be
occupied  but his carthaginian accent  unsuited to the pronunciation of
latin names  caused the guide to understand casilinum instead of
casinum  and turning from his proper route  he took the army in that
direction  the mistake not being discovered until they had almost
arrived  


    to be ignorant of any one of the following four or five principles
does not befit a warlike prince 

    when a warlike prince attacks a powerful state  his generalship
shows itself in preventing the concentration of the enemy s forces  he
overawes his opponents  and their allies are prevented from joining
against him 

 mei tao ch en constructs one of the chains of reasoning that are so
much affected by the chinese   in attacking a powerful state  if you
can divide her forces  you will have a superiority in strength  if you
have a superiority in strength  you will overawe the enemy  if you
overawe the enemy  the neighbouring states will be frightened  and if
the neighbouring states are frightened  the enemy s allies will be
prevented from joining her   the following gives a stronger meaning 
 if the great state has once been defeated  before she has had time to
summon her allies   then the lesser states will hold aloof and refrain
from massing their forces   ch en hao and chang yu take the sentence in
quite another way  the former says   powerful though a prince may be 
if he attacks a large state  he will be unable to raise enough troops 
and must rely to some extent on external aid  if he dispenses with
this  and with overweening confidence in his own strength  simply tries
to intimidate the enemy  he will surely be defeated   chang yu puts his
view thus   if we recklessly attack a large state  our own people will
be discontented and hang back  but if  as will then be the case  our
display of military force is inferior by half to that of the enemy  the
other chieftains will take fright and refuse to join us   


    hence he does not strive to ally himself with all and sundry  nor
does he foster the power of other states  he carries out his own secret
designs  keeping his antagonists in awe 

 the train of thought  as said by li ch uan  appears to be this  secure
against a combination of his enemies   he can afford to reject
entangling alliances and simply pursue his own secret designs  his
prestige enable him to dispense with external friendships   


thus he is able to capture their cities and overthrow their kingdoms 

 this paragraph  though written many years before the ch in state
became a serious menace  is not a bad summary of the policy by which
the famous six chancellors gradually paved the way for her final
triumph under shih huang ti  chang yu  following up his previous note 
thinks that sun tz  is condemning this attitude of cold blooded
selfishness and haughty isolation  


    bestow rewards without regard to rule 

 wu tz   ch     less wisely says   let advance be richly rewarded and
retreat be heavily punished   


issue orders

 literally   hang  or post up   


without regard to previous arrangements 

  in order to prevent treachery   says wang hsi  the general meaning is
made clear by ts ao kung s quotation from the  ssu ma fa    give
instructions only on sighting the enemy  give rewards when you see
deserving deeds   ts ao kung s paraphrase   the final instructions you
give to your army should not correspond with those that have been
previously posted up   chang yu simplifies this into  your arrangements
should not be divulged beforehand   and chia lin says   there should be
no fixity in your rules and arrangements   not only is there danger in
letting your plans be known  but war often necessitates the entire
reversal of them at the last moment  


and you will be able to handle a whole army as though you had to do
with but a single man 

 cf   supra         


    confront your soldiers with the deed itself  never let them know
your design 

 literally   do not tell them words   i e  do not give your reasons for
any order  lord mansfield once told a junior colleague to  give no
reasons  for his decisions  and the maxim is even more applicable to a
general than to a judge  


when the outlook is bright  bring it before their eyes  but tell them
nothing when the situation is gloomy 

    place your army in deadly peril  and it will survive  plunge it
into desperate straits  and it will come off in safety 

 these words of sun tz  were once quoted by han hsin in explanation of
the tactics he employed in one of his most brilliant battles  already
alluded to on p      in     b c   he was sent against the army of chao 
and halted ten miles from the mouth of the ching hsing pass  where the
enemy had mustered in full force  here  at midnight  he detached a body
of      light cavalry  every man of which was furnished with a red
flag  their instructions were to make their way through narrow defiles
and keep a secret watch on the enemy   when the men of chao see me in
full flight   han hsin said   they will abandon their fortifications
and give chase  this must be the sign for you to rush in  pluck down
the chao standards and set up the red banners of han in their stead  
turning then to his other officers  he remarked   our adversary holds a
strong position  and is not likely to come out and attack us until he
sees the standard and drums of the commander in chief  for fear i
should turn back and escape through the mountains   so saying  he first
of all sent out a division consisting of        men  and ordered them
to form in line of battle with their backs to the river ti  seeing this
man uver  the whole army of chao broke into loud laughter  by this time
it was broad daylight  and han hsin  displaying the generalissimo s
flag  marched out of the pass with drums beating  and was immediately
engaged by the enemy  a great battle followed  lasting for some time 
until at length han hsin and his colleague chang ni  leaving drums and
banner on the field  fled to the division on the river bank  where
another fierce battle was raging  the enemy rushed out to pursue them
and to secure the trophies  thus denuding their ramparts of men  but
the two generals succeeded in joining the other army  which was
fighting with the utmost desperation  the time had now come for the
     horsemen to play their part  as soon as they saw the men of chao
following up their advantage  they galloped behind the deserted walls 
tore up the enemy s flags and replaced them by those of han  when the
chao army looked back from the pursuit  the sight of these red flags
struck them with terror  convinced that the hans had got in and
overpowered their king  they broke up in wild disorder  every effort of
their leader to stay the panic being in vain  then the han army fell on
them from both sides and completed the rout  killing a number and
capturing the rest  amongst whom was king ya himself   after the
battle  some of han hsin s officers came to him and said   in the  art
of war  we are told to have a hill or tumulus on the right rear  and a
river or marsh on the left front   this appears to be a blend of sun
tz  and t ai kung  see ix      and note   you  on the contrary  ordered
us to draw up our troops with the river at our back  under these
conditions  how did you manage to gain the victory   the general
replied   i fear you gentlemen have not studied the art of war with
sufficient care  is it not written there   plunge your army into
desperate straits and it will come off in safety  place it in deadly
peril and it will survive   had i taken the usual course  i should
never have been able to bring my colleague round  what says the
military classic  swoop down on the market place and drive the men off
to fight    this passage does not occur in the present text of sun
tz    if i had not placed my troops in a position where they were
obliged to fight for their lives  but had allowed each man to follow
his own discretion  there would have been a general  d bandade   and it
would have been impossible to do anything with them   the officers
admitted the force of his argument  and said   these are higher tactics
than we should have been capable of    see  ch ien han shu   ch     
ff          


    for it is precisely when a force has fallen into harm s way that is
capable of striking a blow for victory 

 danger has a bracing effect  


    success in warfare is gained by carefully accommodating ourselves
to the enemy s purpose 

 ts ao kung says   feign stupidity  by an appearance of yielding and
falling in with the enemy s wishes  chang yu s note makes the meaning
clear   if the enemy shows an inclination to advance  lure him on to do
so  if he is anxious to retreat  delay on purpose that he may carry out
his intention   the object is to make him remiss and contemptuous
before we deliver our attack  


    by persistently hanging on the enemy s flank 

 i understand the first four words to mean  accompanying the enemy in
one direction   ts ao kung says   unite the soldiers and make for the
enemy   but such a violent displacement of characters is quite
indefensible  


we shall succeed in the long run

 literally   after a thousand  li    


in killing the commander in chief 

 always a great point with the chinese  


    this is called ability to accomplish a thing by sheer cunning 

    on the day that you take up your command  block the frontier
passes  destroy the official tallies 

 these were tablets of bamboo or wood  one half of which was issued as
a permit or passport by the official in charge of a gate  cf  the
 border warden  of  lun yu  iii      who may have had similar duties 
when this half was returned to him  within a fixed period  he was
authorized to open the gate and let the traveler through  


and stop the passage of all emissaries 

 either to or from the enemy s country  


    be stern in the council chamber 

 show no weakness  and insist on your plans being ratified by the
sovereign  


so that you may control the situation 

 mei yao ch en understands the whole sentence to mean  take the
strictest precautions to ensure secrecy in your deliberations  


    if the enemy leaves a door open  you must rush in 

    forestall your opponent by seizing what he holds dear 

 cf   supra         


and subtly contrive to time his arrival on the ground 

 ch en hao s explanation   if i manage to seize a favourable position 
but the enemy does not appear on the scene  the advantage thus obtained
cannot be turned to any practical account  he who intends therefore  to
occupy a position of importance to the enemy  must begin by making an
artful appointment  so to speak  with his antagonist  and cajole him
into going there as well   mei yao ch en explains that this  artful
appointment  is to be made through the medium of the enemy s own spies 
who will carry back just the amount of information that we choose to
give them  then  having cunningly disclosed our intentions   we must
manage  though starting after the enemy  to arrive before him  vii   
    we must start after him in order to ensure his marching thither  we
must arrive before him in order to capture the place without trouble 
taken thus  the present passage lends some support to mei yao ch en s
interpretation of       


    walk in the path defined by rule 

 chia lin says   victory is the only thing that matters  and this
cannot be achieved by adhering to conventional canons   it is
unfortunate that this variant rests on very slight authority  for the
sense yielded is certainly much more satisfactory  napoleon  as we
know  according to the veterans of the old school whom he defeated  won
his battles by violating every accepted canon of warfare  


and accommodate yourself to the enemy until you can fight a decisive
battle 

 tu mu says   conform to the enemy s tactics until a favourable
opportunity offers  then come forth and engage in a battle that shall
prove decisive   


    at first  then  exhibit the coyness of a maiden  until the enemy
gives you an opening  afterwards emulate the rapidity of a running
hare  and it will be too late for the enemy to oppose you 

 as the hare is noted for its extreme timidity  the comparison hardly
appears felicitous  but of course sun tz  was thinking only of its
speed  the words have been taken to mean  you must flee from the enemy
as quickly as an escaping hare  but this is rightly rejected by tu mu  


    giles  biographical dictionary  no      

     the science of war   p      

     stonewall jackson   vol  i  p      



chapter xii  the attack by fire

 rather more than half the chapter           is devoted to the subject
of fire  after which the author branches off into other topics  


   sun tz  said  there are five ways of attacking with fire  the first
is to burn soldiers in their camp 

 so tu mu  li ch uan says   set fire to the camp  and kill the
soldiers   when they try to escape from the flames   pan ch ao  sent on
a diplomatic mission to the king of shan shan  see xi        note  
found himself placed in extreme peril by the unexpected arrival of an
envoy from the hsiung nu  the mortal enemies of the chinese   in
consultation with his officers  he exclaimed   never venture  never
win      the only course open to us now is to make an assault by fire
on the barbarians under cover of night  when they will not be able to
discern our numbers  profiting by their panic  we shall exterminate
them completely  this will cool the king s courage and cover us with
glory  besides ensuring the success of our mission   the officers all
replied that it would be necessary to discuss the matter first with the
intendant  pan ch ao then fell into a passion   it is today   he cried 
 that our fortunes must be decided  the intendant is only a humdrum
civilian  who on hearing of our project will certainly be afraid  and
everything will be brought to light  an inglorious death is no worthy
fate for valiant warriors   all then agreed to do as he wished 
accordingly  as soon as night came on  he and his little band quickly
made their way to the barbarian camp  a strong gale was blowing at the
time  pan ch ao ordered ten of the party to take drums and hide behind
the enemy s barracks  it being arranged that when they saw flames shoot
up  they should begin drumming and yelling with all their might  the
rest of his men  armed with bows and crossbows  he posted in ambuscade
at the gate of the camp  he then set fire to the place from the
windward side  whereupon a deafening noise of drums and shouting arose
on the front and rear of the hsiung nu  who rushed out pell mell in
frantic disorder  pan ch ao slew three of them with his own hand  while
his companions cut off the heads of the envoy and thirty of his suite 
the remainder  more than a hundred in all  perished in the flames  on
the following day  pan ch ao  divining his thoughts  said with uplifted
hand   although you did not go with us last night  i should not think 
sir  of taking sole credit for our exploit   this satisfied kuo hsun 
and pan ch ao  having sent for kuang  king of shan shan  showed him the
head of the barbarian envoy  the whole kingdom was seized with fear and
trembling  which pan ch ao took steps to allay by issuing a public
proclamation  then  taking the king s sons as hostage  he returned to
make his report to tou ku    hou han shu   ch      ff          


the second is to burn stores 

 tu mu says   provisions  fuel and fodder   in order to subdue the
rebellious population of kiangnan  kao keng recommended wen ti of the
sui dynasty to make periodical raids and burn their stores of grain  a
policy which in the long run proved entirely successful  


the third is to burn baggage trains 

 an example given is the destruction of yuan shao s wagons and
impedimenta by ts ao ts ao in     a d  


the fourth is to burn arsenals and magazines 

 tu mu says that the things contained in  arsenals  and  magazines  are
the same  he specifies weapons and other implements  bullion and
clothing  cf  vii        


the fifth is to hurl dropping fire amongst the enemy 

 tu yu says in the  t ung tien    to drop fire into the enemy s camp 
the method by which this may be done is to set the tips of arrows
alight by dipping them into a brazier  and then shoot them from
powerful crossbows into the enemy s lines   


   in order to carry out an attack  we must have means available 

 t sao kung thinks that  traitors in the enemy s camp  are referred to 
but ch en hao is more likely to be right in saying   we must have
favourable circumstances in general  not merely traitors to help us  
chia lin says   we must avail ourselves of wind and dry weather   


the material for raising fire should always be kept in readiness 

 tu mu suggests as material for making fire   dry vegetable matter 
reeds  brushwood  straw  grease  oil  etc   here we have the material
cause  chang yu says   vessels for hoarding fire  stuff for lighting
fires   


   there is a proper season for making attacks with fire  and special
days for starting a conflagration 

   the proper season is when the weather is very dry  the special days
are those when the moon is in the constellations of the sieve  the
wall  the wing or the cross bar 

 these are  respectively  the  th    th    th  and   th of the
twenty eight stellar mansions  corresponding roughly to sagittarius 
pegasus  crater and corvus  


for these four are all days of rising wind 

   in attacking with fire  one should be prepared to meet five possible
developments 

       when fire breaks out inside the enemy s camp  respond at once
with an attack from without 

       if there is an outbreak of fire  but the enemy s soldiers remain
quiet  bide your time and do not attack 

 the prime object of attacking with fire is to throw the enemy into
confusion  if this effect is not produced  it means that the enemy is
ready to receive us  hence the necessity for caution  


       when the force of the flames has reached its height  follow it
up with an attack  if that is practicable  if not  stay where you are 

 ts ao kung says   if you see a possible way  advance  but if you find
the difficulties too great  retire   


       if it is possible to make an assault with fire from without  do
not wait for it to break out within  but deliver your attack at a
favourable moment 

 tu mu says that the previous paragraphs had reference to the fire
breaking out  either accidentally  we may suppose  or by the agency of
incendiaries  inside the enemy s camp   but   he continues   if the
enemy is settled in a waste place littered with quantities of grass  or
if he has pitched his camp in a position which can be burnt out  we
must carry our fire against him at any seasonable opportunity  and not
await on in hopes of an outbreak occurring within  for fear our
opponents should themselves burn up the surrounding vegetation  and
thus render our own attempts fruitless   the famous li ling once
baffled the leader of the hsiung nu in this way  the latter  taking
advantage of a favourable wind  tried to set fire to the chinese
general s camp  but found that every scrap of combustible vegetation in
the neighbourhood had already been burnt down  on the other hand 
po ts ai  a general of the yellow turban rebels  was badly defeated in
    a d  through his neglect of this simple precaution   at the head of
a large army he was besieging ch ang she  which was held by huang fu
sung  the garrison was very small  and a general feeling of nervousness
pervaded the ranks  so huang fu sung called his officers together and
said   in war  there are various indirect methods of attack  and
numbers do not count for everything   the commentator here quotes sun
tz   v          and      now the rebels have pitched their camp in the
midst of thick grass which will easily burn when the wind blows  if we
set fire to it at night  they will be thrown into a panic  and we can
make a sortie and attack them on all sides at once  thus emulating the
achievement of t ien tan    see p       that same evening  a strong
breeze sprang up  so huang fu sung instructed his soldiers to bind
reeds together into torches and mount guard on the city walls  after
which he sent out a band of daring men  who stealthily made their way
through the lines and started the fire with loud shouts and yells 
simultaneously  a glare of light shot up from the city walls  and
huang fu sung  sounding his drums  led a rapid charge  which threw the
rebels into confusion and put them to headlong flight     hou han shu  
ch      
 
 
 
 
 
        when you start a fire  be to windward of it  do not attack from
the leeward 

 chang yu  following tu yu  says   when you make a fire  the enemy will
retreat away from it  if you oppose his retreat and attack him then  he
will fight desperately  which will not conduce to your success   a
rather more obvious explanation is given by tu mu   if the wind is in
the east  begin burning to the east of the enemy  and follow up the
attack yourself from that side  if you start the fire on the east side 
and then attack from the west  you will suffer in the same way as your
enemy   


    a wind that rises in the daytime lasts long  but a night breeze
soon falls 

 cf  lao tz  s saying   a violent wind does not last the space of a
morning     tao te ching   chap       mei yao ch en and wang hsi say 
 a day breeze dies down at nightfall  and a night breeze at daybreak 
this is what happens as a general rule   the phenomenon observed may be
correct enough  but how this sense is to be obtained is not apparent  


    in every army  the five developments connected with fire must be
known  the movements of the stars calculated  and a watch kept for the
proper days 

 tu mu says   we must make calculations as to the paths of the stars 
and watch for the days on which wind will rise  before making our
attack with fire   chang yu seems to interpret the text differently 
 we must not only know how to assail our opponents with fire  but also
be on our guard against similar attacks from them   


    hence those who use fire as an aid to the attack show intelligence 
those who use water as an aid to the attack gain an accession of
strength 

    by means of water  an enemy may be intercepted  but not robbed of
all his belongings 

 ts ao kung s note is   we can merely obstruct the enemy s road or
divide his army  but not sweep away all his accumulated stores   water
can do useful service  but it lacks the terrible destructive power of
fire  this is the reason  chang yu concludes  why the former is
dismissed in a couple of sentences  whereas the attack by fire is
discussed in detail  wu tz   ch     speaks thus of the two elements 
 if an army is encamped on low lying marshy ground  from which the
water cannot run off  and where the rainfall is heavy  it may be
submerged by a flood  if an army is encamped in wild marsh lands
thickly overgrown with weeds and brambles  and visited by frequent
gales  it may be exterminated by fire   


    unhappy is the fate of one who tries to win his battles and succeed
in his attacks without cultivating the spirit of enterprise  for the
result is waste of time and general stagnation 

 this is one of the most perplexing passages in sun tz   ts ao kung
says   rewards for good service should not be deferred a single day  
and tu mu   if you do not take opportunity to advance and reward the
deserving  your subordinates will not carry out your commands  and
disaster will ensue   for several reasons  however  and in spite of the
formidable array of scholars on the other side  i prefer the
interpretation suggested by mei yao ch en alone  whose words i will
quote   those who want to make sure of succeeding in their battles and
assaults must seize the favourable moments when they come and not shrink
on occasion from heroic measures  that is to say  they must resort to
such means of attack of fire  water and the like  what they must not
do  and what will prove fatal  is to sit still and simply hold to the
advantages they have got   


    hence the saying  the enlightened ruler lays his plans well ahead 
the good general cultivates his resources 

 tu mu quotes the following from the  san lueh   ch      the warlike
prince controls his soldiers by his authority  kits them together by
good faith  and by rewards makes them serviceable  if faith decays 
there will be disruption  if rewards are deficient  commands will not
be respected   


    move not unless you see an advantage  use not your troops unless
there is something to be gained  fight not unless the position is
critical 

 sun tz  may at times appear to be over cautious  but he never goes so
far in that direction as the remarkable passage in the  tao te ching  
ch       i dare not take the initiative  but prefer to act on the
defensive  i dare not advance an inch  but prefer to retreat a foot   


    no ruler should put troops into the field merely to gratify his own
spleen  no general should fight a battle simply out of pique 

    if it is to your advantage  make a forward move  if not  stay where
you are 

 this is repeated from xi        here i feel convinced that it is an
interpolation  for it is evident that      ought to follow immediately
on       


    anger may in time change to gladness  vexation may be succeeded by
content 

    but a kingdom that has once been destroyed can never come again
into being 

 the wu state was destined to be a melancholy example of this saying  


nor can the dead ever be brought back to life 

    hence the enlightened ruler is heedful  and the good general full
of caution  this is the way to keep a country at peace and an army
intact 

     unless you enter the tiger s lair  you cannot get hold of the
tiger s cubs  



chapter xiii  the use of spies

   sun tz  said  raising a host of a hundred thousand men and marching
them great distances entails heavy loss on the people and a drain on
the resources of the state  the daily expenditure will amount to a
thousand ounces of silver 

 cf  ii                


there will be commotion at home and abroad  and men will drop down
exhausted on the highways 

 cf   tao te ching   ch       where troops have been quartered 
brambles and thorns spring up  chang yu has the note   we may be
reminded of the saying   on serious ground  gather in plunder   why
then should carriage and transportation cause exhaustion on the
highways  the answer is  that not victuals alone  but all sorts of
munitions of war have to be conveyed to the army  besides  the
injunction to  forage on the enemy  only means that when an army is
deeply engaged in hostile territory  scarcity of food must be provided
against  hence  without being solely dependent on the enemy for corn 
we must forage in order that there may be an uninterrupted flow of
supplies  then  again  there are places like salt deserts where
provisions being unobtainable  supplies from home cannot be dispensed
with   


as many as seven hundred thousand families will be impeded in their
labor 

 mei yao ch en says   men will be lacking at the plough tail   the
allusion is to the system of dividing land into nine parts  each
consisting of about    acres  the plot in the center being cultivated
on behalf of the state by the tenants of the other eight  it was here
also  so tu mu tells us  that their cottages were built and a well
sunk  to be used by all in common   see ii        note   in time of
war  one of the families had to serve in the army  while the other
seven contributed to its support  thus  by a levy of         men
 reckoning one able bodied soldier to each family  the husbandry of
        families would be affected  


   hostile armies may face each other for years  striving for the
victory which is decided in a single day  this being so  to remain in
ignorance of the enemy s condition simply because one grudges the
outlay of a hundred ounces of silver in honours and emoluments 

  for spies  is of course the meaning  though it would spoil the effect
of this curiously elaborate exordium if spies were actually mentioned
at this point  


is the height of inhumanity 

 sun tz  s agreement is certainly ingenious  he begins by adverting to
the frightful misery and vast expenditure of blood and treasure which
war always brings in its train  now  unless you are kept informed of
the enemy s condition  and are ready to strike at the right moment  a
war may drag on for years  the only way to get this information is to
employ spies  and it is impossible to obtain trustworthy spies unless
they are properly paid for their services  but it is surely false
economy to grudge a comparatively trifling amount for this purpose 
when every day that the war lasts eats up an incalculably greater sum 
this grievous burden falls on the shoulders of the poor  and hence sun
tz  concludes that to neglect the use of spies is nothing less than a
crime against humanity  


   one who acts thus is no leader of men  no present help to his
sovereign  no master of victory 

 this idea  that the true object of war is peace  has its root in the
national temperament of the chinese  even so far back as     b c  
these memorable words were uttered by prince chuang of the ch u state 
 the  chinese  character for  prowess  is made up of  the characters
for   to stay  and  a spear   cessation of hostilities   military
prowess is seen in the repression of cruelty  the calling in of
weapons  the preservation of the appointment of heaven  the firm
establishment of merit  the bestowal of happiness on the people 
putting harmony between the princes  the diffusion of wealth   


   thus  what enables the wise sovereign and the good general to strike
and conquer  and achieve things beyond the reach of ordinary men  is
 foreknowledge  

 that is  knowledge of the enemy s dispositions  and what he means to
do  


   now this foreknowledge cannot be elicited from spirits  it cannot be
obtained inductively from experience 

 tu mu s note is    knowledge of the enemy  cannot be gained by
reasoning from other analogous cases   


nor by any deductive calculation 

 li ch uan says   quantities like length  breadth  distance and
magnitude  are susceptible of exact mathematical determination  human
actions cannot be so calculated   


   knowledge of the enemy s dispositions can only be obtained from
other men 

 mei yao ch en has rather an interesting note   knowledge of the
spirit world is to be obtained by divination  information in natural
science may be sought by inductive reasoning  the laws of the universe
can be verified by mathematical calculation  but the dispositions of an
enemy are ascertainable through spies and spies alone   


   hence the use of spies  of whom there are five classes      local
spies      inward spies      converted spies      doomed spies     
surviving spies 

   when these five kinds of spy are all at work  none can discover the
secret system  this is called  divine manipulation of the threads   it
is the sovereign s most precious faculty 

 cromwell  one of the greatest and most practical of all cavalry
leaders  had officers styled  scout masters   whose business it was to
collect all possible information regarding the enemy  through scouts
and spies  etc   and much of his success in war was traceable to the
previous knowledge of the enemy s moves thus gained        


   having  local spies  means employing the services of the inhabitants
of a district 

 tu mu says   in the enemy s country  win people over by kind
treatment  and use them as spies   


    having  inward spies   making use of officials of the enemy 

 tu mu enumerates the following classes as likely to do good service in
this respect   worthy men who have been degraded from office  criminals
who have undergone punishment  also  favourite concubines who are greedy
for gold  men who are aggrieved at being in subordinate positions  or
who have been passed over in the distribution of posts  others who are
anxious that their side should be defeated in order that they may have
a chance of displaying their ability and talents  fickle turncoats who
always want to have a foot in each boat  officials of these several
kinds   he continues   should be secretly approached and bound to one s
interests by means of rich presents  in this way you will be able to
find out the state of affairs in the enemy s country  ascertain the
plans that are being formed against you  and moreover disturb the
harmony and create a breach between the sovereign and his ministers  
the necessity for extreme caution  however  in dealing with  inward
spies   appears from an historical incident related by ho shih   lo
shang  governor of i chou  sent his general wei po to attack the rebel
li hsiung of shu in his stronghold at p i  after each side had
experienced a number of victories and defeats  li hsiung had recourse
to the services of a certain p o t ai  a native of wu tu  he began to
have him whipped until the blood came  and then sent him off to lo
shang  whom he was to delude by offering to cooperate with him from
inside the city  and to give a fire signal at the right moment for
making a general assault  lo shang  confiding in these promises  march
out all his best troops  and placed wei po and others at their head
with orders to attack at p o t ai s bidding  meanwhile  li hsiung s
general  li hsiang  had prepared an ambuscade on their line of march 
and p o t ai  having reared long scaling ladders against the city
walls  now lighted the beacon fire  wei po s men raced up on seeing the
signal and began climbing the ladders as fast as they could  while
others were drawn up by ropes lowered from above  more than a hundred
of lo shang s soldiers entered the city in this way  every one of whom
was forthwith beheaded  li hsiung then charged with all his forces 
both inside and outside the city  and routed the enemy completely  
 this happened in     a d  i do not know where ho shih got the story
from  it is not given in the biography of li hsiung or that of his
father li t e   chin shu   ch            


    having  converted spies   getting hold of the enemy s spies and
using them for our own purposes 

 by means of heavy bribes and liberal promises detaching them from the
enemy s service  and inducing them to carry back false information as
well as to spy in turn on their own countrymen  on the other hand 
hsiao shih hsien says that we pretend not to have detected him  but
contrive to let him carry away a false impression of what is going on 
several of the commentators accept this as an alternative definition 
but that it is not what sun tz  meant is conclusively proved by his
subsequent remarks about treating the converted spy generously      
sqq    ho shih notes three occasions on which converted spies were used
with conspicuous success      by t ien tan in his defence of chi mo
 see  supra   p           by chao she on his march to o yu  see p      
and by the wily fan chu in     b c   when lien p o was conducting a
defensive campaign against ch in  the king of chao strongly disapproved
of lien p o s cautious and dilatory methods  which had been unable to
avert a series of minor disasters  and therefore lent a ready ear to
the reports of his spies  who had secretly gone over to the enemy and
were already in fan chu s pay  they said   the only thing which causes
ch in anxiety is lest chao kua should be made general  lien p o they
consider an easy opponent  who is sure to be vanquished in the long
run   now this chao kua was a son of the famous chao she  from his
boyhood  he had been wholly engrossed in the study of war and military
matters  until at last he came to believe that there was no commander
in the whole empire who could stand against him  his father was much
disquieted by this overweening conceit  and the flippancy with which he
spoke of such a serious thing as war  and solemnly declared that if
ever kua was appointed general  he would bring ruin on the armies of
chao  this was the man who  in spite of earnest protests from his own
mother and the veteran statesman lin hsiang ju  was now sent to succeed
lien p o  needless to say  he proved no match for the redoubtable po
ch i and the great military power of ch in  he fell into a trap by
which his army was divided into two and his communications cut  and
after a desperate resistance lasting    days  during which the famished
soldiers devoured one another  he was himself killed by an arrow  and
his whole force  amounting  it is said  to         men  ruthlessly put
to the sword  


    having  doomed spies   doing certain things openly for purposes of
deception  and allowing our own spies to know of them and report them
to the enemy 

 tu yu gives the best exposition of the meaning   we ostentatiously do
things calculated to deceive our own spies  who must be led to believe
that they have been unwittingly disclosed  then  when these spies are
captured in the enemy s lines  they will make an entirely false report 
and the enemy will take measures accordingly  only to find that we do
something quite different  the spies will thereupon be put to death  
as an example of doomed spies  ho shih mentions the prisoners released
by pan ch ao in his campaign against yarkand   see p        he also
refers to t ang chien  who in     a d  was sent by t ai tsung to lull
the turkish kahn chieh li into fancied security  until li ching was
able to deliver a crushing blow against him  chang yu says that the
turks revenged themselves by killing t ang chien  but this is a
mistake  for we read in both the old and the new t ang history  ch     
fol    and ch      fol    respectively  that he escaped and lived on
until      li i chi played a somewhat similar part in     b c   when
sent by the king of han to open peaceful negotiations with ch i  he has
certainly more claim to be described a  doomed spy   for the king of
ch i  being subsequently attacked without warning by han hsin  and
infuriated by what he considered the treachery of li i chi  ordered the
unfortunate envoy to be boiled alive  


     surviving spies   finally  are those who bring back news from the
enemy s camp 

 this is the ordinary class of spies  properly so called  forming a
regular part of the army  tu mu says   your surviving spy must be a man
of keen intellect  though in outward appearance a fool  of shabby
exterior  but with a will of iron  he must be active  robust  endowed
with physical strength and courage  thoroughly accustomed to all sorts
of dirty work  able to endure hunger and cold  and to put up with shame
and ignominy   ho shih tells the following story of ta hsi wu of the
sui dynasty   when he was governor of eastern ch in  shen wu of ch i
made a hostile movement upon sha yuan  the emperor t ai tsu    kao tsu 
sent ta hsi wu to spy upon the enemy  he was accompanied by two other
men  all three were on horseback and wore the enemy s uniform  when it
was dark  they dismounted a few hundred feet away from the enemy s camp
and stealthily crept up to listen  until they succeeded in catching the
passwords used in the army  then they got on their horses again and
boldly passed through the camp under the guise of night watchmen  and
more than once  happening to come across a soldier who was committing
some breach of discipline  they actually stopped to give the culprit a
sound cudgeling  thus they managed to return with the fullest possible
information about the enemy s dispositions  and received warm
commendation from the emperor  who in consequence of their report was
able to inflict a severe defeat on his adversary   


    hence it is that with none in the whole army are more intimate
relations to be maintained than with spies 

 tu mu and mei yao ch en point out that the spy is privileged to enter
even the general s private sleeping tent  


none should be more liberally rewarded  in no other business should
greater secrecy be preserved 

 tu mu gives a graphic touch  all communication with spies should be
carried  mouth to ear   the following remarks on spies may be quoted
from turenne  who made perhaps larger use of them than any previous
commander   spies are attached to those who give them most  he who pays
them ill is never served  they should never be known to anybody  nor
should they know one another  when they propose anything very material 
secure their persons  or have in your possession their wives and
children as hostages for their fidelity  never communicate anything to
them but what is absolutely necessary that they should know       


    spies cannot be usefully employed without a certain intuitive
sagacity 

 mei yao ch en says   in order to use them  one must know fact from
falsehood  and be able to discriminate between honesty and
double dealing   wang hsi in a different interpretation thinks more
along the lines of  intuitive perception  and  practical intelligence  
tu mu strangely refers these attributes to the spies themselves 
 before using spies we must assure ourselves as to their integrity of
character and the extent of their experience and skill   but he
continues   a brazen face and a crafty disposition are more dangerous
than mountains or rivers  it takes a man of genius to penetrate such  
so that we are left in some doubt as to his real opinion on the
passage   


    they cannot be properly managed without benevolence and
straightforwardness 

 chang yu says   when you have attracted them by substantial offers 
you must treat them with absolute sincerity  then they will work for
you with all their might   


    without subtle ingenuity of mind  one cannot make certain of the
truth of their reports 

 mei yao ch en says   be on your guard against the possibility of spies
going over to the service of the enemy   


    be subtle  be subtle  and use your spies for every kind of
business 

 cf  vi       


    if a secret piece of news is divulged by a spy before the time is
ripe  he must be put to death together with the man to whom the secret
was told 

 word for word  the translation here is   if spy matters are heard
before  our plans  are carried out   etc  sun tz  s main point in this
passage is  whereas you kill the spy himself  as a punishment for
letting out the secret   the object of killing the other man is only 
as ch en hao puts it   to stop his mouth  and prevent news leaking any
further  if it had already been repeated to others  this object would
not be gained  either way  sun tz  lays himself open to the charge of
inhumanity  though tu mu tries to defend him by saying that the man
deserves to be put to death  for the spy would certainly not have told
the secret unless the other had been at pains to worm it out of him   


    whether the object be to crush an army  to storm a city  or to
assassinate an individual  it is always necessary to begin by finding
out the names of the attendants  the aides de  camp 

 literally  visitors   is equivalent  as tu yu says  to  those whose
duty it is to keep the general supplied with information   which
naturally necessitates frequent interviews with him  


the door keepers and sentries of the general in command  our spies must
be commissioned to ascertain these 

 as the first step  no doubt towards finding out if any of these
important functionaries can be won over by bribery  


    the enemy s spies who have come to spy on us must be sought out 
tempted with bribes  led away and comfortably housed  thus they will
become converted spies and available for our service 

    it is through the information brought by the converted spy that we
are able to acquire and employ local and inward spies 

 tu yu says   through conversion of the enemy s spies we learn the
enemy s condition   and chang yu says   we must tempt the converted spy
into our service  because it is he that knows which of the local
inhabitants are greedy of gain  and which of the officials are open to
corruption   


    it is owing to his information  again  that we can cause the doomed
spy to carry false tidings to the enemy 

 chang yu says   because the converted spy knows how the enemy can best
be deceived   


    lastly  it is by his information that the surviving spy can be used
on appointed occasions 

    the end and aim of spying in all its five varieties is knowledge of
the enemy  and this knowledge can only be derived  in the first
instance  from the converted spy 

 as explained in           he not only brings information himself  but
makes it possible to use the other kinds of spy to advantage  


hence it is essential that the converted spy be treated with the utmost
liberality 

    of old  the rise of the yin dynasty

 sun tz  means the shang dynasty  founded in      b c  its name was
changed to yin by p an keng in      


was due to i chih

 better known as i yin  the famous general and statesman who took part
in ch eng t ang s campaign against chieh kuei  


who had served under the hsia  likewise  the rise of the chou dynasty
was due to l  ya

 lu shang rose to high office under the tyrant chou hsin  whom he
afterwards helped to overthrow  popularly known as t ai kung  a title
bestowed on him by wen wang  he is said to have composed a treatise on
war  erroneously identified with the  liu t ao   


who had served under the yin 

 there is less precision in the chinese than i have thought it well to
introduce into my translation  and the commentaries on the passage are
by no means explicit  but  having regard to the context  we can hardly
doubt that sun tz  is holding up i chih and lu ya as illustrious
examples of the converted spy  or something closely analogous  his
suggestion is  that the hsia and yin dynasties were upset owing to the
intimate knowledge of their weaknesses and shortcoming which these
former ministers were able to impart to the other side  mei yao ch en
appears to resent any such aspersion on these historic names   i yin
and lu ya   he says   were not rebels against the government  hsia
could not employ the former  hence yin employed him  yin could not
employ the latter  hence hou employed him  their great achievements
were all for the good of the people   ho shih is also indignant   how
should two divinely inspired men such as i and lu have acted as common
spies  sun tz  s mention of them simply means that the proper use of
the five classes of spies is a matter which requires men of the highest
mental caliber like i and lu  whose wisdom and capacity qualified them
for the task  the above words only emphasize this point   ho shih
believes then that the two heroes are mentioned on account of their
supposed skill in the use of spies  but this is very weak  


    hence it is only the enlightened ruler and the wise general who
will use the highest intelligence of the army for purposes of spying
and thereby they achieve great results 

 tu mu closes with a note of warning   just as water  which carries a
boat from bank to bank  may also be the means of sinking it  so
reliance on spies  while production of great results  is oft times the
cause of utter destruction   


spies are a most important element in war  because on them depends an
army s ability to move 

 chia lin says that an army without spies is like a man without ears or
eyes  


     aids to scouting   p    

     marshal turenne   p      


    end of the project gutenberg ebook the art of war    


    

updated editions will replace the previous one the old editions will
be renamed 

creating the works from print editions not protected by u s  copyright
law means that no one owns a united states copyright in these works 
so the foundation  and you   can copy and distribute it in the united
states without permission and without paying copyright
royalties  special rules  set forth in the general terms of use part
of this license  apply to copying and distributing project
gutenberg  electronic works to protect the project gutenberg 
concept and trademark  project gutenberg is a registered trademark 
and may not be used if you charge for an ebook  except by following
the terms of the trademark license  including paying royalties for use
of the project gutenberg trademark  if you do not charge anything for
copies of this ebook  complying with the trademark license is very
easy  you may use this ebook for nearly any purpose such as creation
of derivative works  reports  performances and research  project
gutenberg ebooks may be modified and printed and given away you may
do practically anything in the united states with ebooks not protected
by u s  copyright law  redistribution is subject to the trademark
license  especially commercial redistribution 


start  full license

the full project gutenberg license

please read this before you distribute or use this work

to protect the project gutenberg  mission of promoting the free
distribution of electronic works  by using or distributing this work
 or any other work associated in any way with the phrase  project
gutenberg    you agree to comply with all the terms of the full
project gutenberg  license available with this file or online at
www gutenberg org license 

section    general terms of use and redistributing project gutenberg 
electronic works

  a  by reading or using any part of this project gutenberg 
electronic work  you indicate that you have read  understand  agree to
and accept all the terms of this license and intellectual property
 trademark copyright  agreement  if you do not agree to abide by all
the terms of this agreement  you must cease using and return or
destroy all copies of project gutenberg  electronic works in your
possession  if you paid a fee for obtaining a copy of or access to a
project gutenberg  electronic work and you do not agree to be bound
by the terms of this agreement  you may obtain a refund from the person
or entity to whom you paid the fee as set forth in paragraph   e   

  b   project gutenberg  is a registered trademark  it may only be
used on or associated in any way with an electronic work by people who
agree to be bound by the terms of this agreement  there are a few
things that you can do with most project gutenberg  electronic works
even without complying with the full terms of this agreement  see
paragraph   c below  there are a lot of things you can do with project
gutenberg  electronic works if you follow the terms of this
agreement and help preserve free future access to project gutenberg 
electronic works  see paragraph   e below 

  c  the project gutenberg literary archive foundation   the
foundation  or pglaf   owns a compilation copyright in the collection
of project gutenberg  electronic works  nearly all the individual
works in the collection are in the public domain in the united
states  if an individual work is unprotected by copyright law in the
united states and you are located in the united states  we do not
claim a right to prevent you from copying  distributing  performing 
displaying or creating derivative works based on the work as long as
all references to project gutenberg are removed  of course  we hope
that you will support the project gutenberg  mission of promoting
free access to electronic works by freely sharing project gutenberg 
works in compliance with the terms of this agreement for keeping the
project gutenberg  name associated with the work  you can easily
comply with the terms of this agreement by keeping this work in the
same format with its attached full project gutenberg  license when
you share it without charge with others 

  d  the copyright laws of the place where you are located also govern
what you can do with this work  copyright laws in most countries are
in a constant state of change  if you are outside the united states 
check the laws of your country in addition to the terms of this
agreement before downloading  copying  displaying  performing 
distributing or creating derivative works based on this work or any
other project gutenberg  work  the foundation makes no
representations concerning the copyright status of any work in any
country other than the united states 

  e  unless you have removed all references to project gutenberg 

  e    the following sentence  with active links to  or other
immediate access to  the full project gutenberg  license must appear
prominently whenever any copy of a project gutenberg  work  any work
on which the phrase  project gutenberg  appears  or with which the
phrase  project gutenberg  is associated  is accessed  displayed 
performed  viewed  copied or distributed 

    this ebook is for the use of anyone anywhere in the united states and most
    other parts of the world at no cost and with almost no restrictions
    whatsoever  you may copy it  give it away or re use it under the terms
    of the project gutenberg license included with this ebook or online
    at www gutenberg org  if you
    are not located in the united states  you will have to check the laws
    of the country where you are located before using this ebook 
  
  e    if an individual project gutenberg  electronic work is
derived from texts not protected by u s  copyright law  does not
contain a notice indicating that it is posted with permission of the
copyright holder   the work can be copied and distributed to anyone in
the united states without paying any fees or charges  if you are
redistributing or providing access to a work with the phrase  project
gutenberg  associated with or appearing on the work  you must comply
either with the requirements of paragraphs   e   through   e   or
obtain permission for the use of the work and the project gutenberg 
trademark as set forth in paragraphs   e   or   e   

  e    if an individual project gutenberg  electronic work is posted
with the permission of the copyright holder  your use and distribution
must comply with both paragraphs   e   through   e   and any
additional terms imposed by the copyright holder  additional terms
will be linked to the project gutenberg  license for all works
posted with the permission of the copyright holder found at the
beginning of this work 

  e    do not unlink or detach or remove the full project gutenberg 
license terms from this work  or any files containing a part of this
work or any other work associated with project gutenberg  

  e    do not copy  display  perform  distribute or redistribute this
electronic work  or any part of this electronic work  without
prominently displaying the sentence set forth in paragraph   e   with
active links or immediate access to the full terms of the project
gutenberg  license 

  e    you may convert to and distribute this work in any binary 
compressed  marked up  nonproprietary or proprietary form  including
any word processing or hypertext form  however  if you provide access
to or distribute copies of a project gutenberg  work in a format
other than  plain vanilla ascii  or other format used in the official
version posted on the official project gutenberg  website
 www gutenberg org   you must  at no additional cost  fee or expense
to the user  provide a copy  a means of exporting a copy  or a means
of obtaining a copy upon request  of the work in its original  plain
vanilla ascii  or other form  any alternate format must include the
full project gutenberg  license as specified in paragraph   e   

  e    do not charge a fee for access to  viewing  displaying 
performing  copying or distributing any project gutenberg  works
unless you comply with paragraph   e   or   e   

  e    you may charge a reasonable fee for copies of or providing
access to or distributing project gutenberg  electronic works
provided that 

      you pay a royalty fee of     of the gross profits you derive from
        the use of project gutenberg  works calculated using the method
        you already use to calculate your applicable taxes  the fee is owed
        to the owner of the project gutenberg  trademark  but he has
        agreed to donate royalties under this paragraph to the project
        gutenberg literary archive foundation  royalty payments must be paid
        within    days following each date on which you prepare  or are
        legally required to prepare  your periodic tax returns  royalty
        payments should be clearly marked as such and sent to the project
        gutenberg literary archive foundation at the address specified in
        section     information about donations to the project gutenberg
        literary archive foundation  
    
      you provide a full refund of any money paid by a user who notifies
        you in writing  or by e mail  within    days of receipt that s he
        does not agree to the terms of the full project gutenberg 
        license  you must require such a user to return or destroy all
        copies of the works possessed in a physical medium and discontinue
        all use of and all access to other copies of project gutenberg 
        works 
    
      you provide  in accordance with paragraph   f    a full refund of
        any money paid for a work or a replacement copy  if a defect in the
        electronic work is discovered and reported to you within    days of
        receipt of the work 
    
      you comply with all other terms of this agreement for free
        distribution of project gutenberg  works 
    

  e    if you wish to charge a fee or distribute a project
gutenberg  electronic work or group of works on different terms than
are set forth in this agreement  you must obtain permission in writing
from the project gutenberg literary archive foundation  the manager of
the project gutenberg  trademark  contact the foundation as set
forth in section   below 

  f 

  f    project gutenberg volunteers and employees expend considerable
effort to identify  do copyright research on  transcribe and proofread
works not protected by u s  copyright law in creating the project
gutenberg  collection  despite these efforts  project gutenberg 
electronic works  and the medium on which they may be stored  may
contain  defects   such as  but not limited to  incomplete  inaccurate
or corrupt data  transcription errors  a copyright or other
intellectual property infringement  a defective or damaged disk or
other medium  a computer virus  or computer codes that damage or
cannot be read by your equipment 

  f    limited warranty  disclaimer of damages   except for the  right
of replacement or refund  described in paragraph   f    the project
gutenberg literary archive foundation  the owner of the project
gutenberg  trademark  and any other party distributing a project
gutenberg  electronic work under this agreement  disclaim all
liability to you for damages  costs and expenses  including legal
fees  you agree that you have no remedies for negligence  strict
liability  breach of warranty or breach of contract except those
provided in paragraph   f    you agree that the foundation  the
trademark owner  and any distributor under this agreement will not be
liable to you for actual  direct  indirect  consequential  punitive or
incidental damages even if you give notice of the possibility of such
damage 

  f    limited right of replacement or refund   if you discover a
defect in this electronic work within    days of receiving it  you can
receive a refund of the money  if any  you paid for it by sending a
written explanation to the person you received the work from  if you
received the work on a physical medium  you must return the medium
with your written explanation  the person or entity that provided you
with the defective work may elect to provide a replacement copy in
lieu of a refund  if you received the work electronically  the person
or entity providing it to you may choose to give you a second
opportunity to receive the work electronically in lieu of a refund  if
the second copy is also defective  you may demand a refund in writing
without further opportunities to fix the problem 

  f    except for the limited right of replacement or refund set forth
in paragraph   f    this work is provided to you  as is   with no
other warranties of any kind  express or implied  including but not
limited to warranties of merchantability or fitness for any purpose 

  f    some states do not allow disclaimers of certain implied
warranties or the exclusion or limitation of certain types of
damages  if any disclaimer or limitation set forth in this agreement
violates the law of the state applicable to this agreement  the
agreement shall be interpreted to make the maximum disclaimer or
limitation permitted by the applicable state law  the invalidity or
unenforceability of any provision of this agreement shall not void the
remaining provisions 

  f    indemnity   you agree to indemnify and hold the foundation  the
trademark owner  any agent or employee of the foundation  anyone
providing copies of project gutenberg  electronic works in
accordance with this agreement  and any volunteers associated with the
production  promotion and distribution of project gutenberg 
electronic works  harmless from all liability  costs and expenses 
including legal fees  that arise directly or indirectly from any of
the following which you do or cause to occur   a  distribution of this
or any project gutenberg  work   b  alteration  modification  or
additions or deletions to any project gutenberg  work  and  c  any
defect you cause 

section    information about the mission of project gutenberg 

project gutenberg  is synonymous with the free distribution of
electronic works in formats readable by the widest variety of
computers including obsolete  old  middle aged and new computers  it
exists because of the efforts of hundreds of volunteers and donations
from people in all walks of life 

volunteers and financial support to provide volunteers with the
assistance they need are critical to reaching project gutenberg  s
goals and ensuring that the project gutenberg  collection will
remain freely available for generations to come  in       the project
gutenberg literary archive foundation was created to provide a secure
and permanent future for project gutenberg  and future
generations  to learn more about the project gutenberg literary
archive foundation and how your efforts and donations can help  see
sections   and   and the foundation information page at www gutenberg org 

section    information about the project gutenberg literary archive foundation

the project gutenberg literary archive foundation is a non profit
    c     educational corporation organized under the laws of the
state of mississippi and granted tax exempt status by the internal
revenue service  the foundation s ein or federal tax identification
number is             contributions to the project gutenberg literary
archive foundation are tax deductible to the full extent permitted by
u s  federal laws and your state s laws 

the foundation s business office is located at     north      west 
salt lake city  ut                        email contact links and up
to date contact information can be found at the foundation s website
and official page at www gutenberg org contact

section    information about donations to the project gutenberg
literary archive foundation

project gutenberg  depends upon and cannot survive without widespread
public support and donations to carry out its mission of
increasing the number of public domain and licensed works that can be
freely distributed in machine readable form accessible by the widest
array of equipment including outdated equipment  many small donations
    to         are particularly important to maintaining tax exempt
status with the irs 

the foundation is committed to complying with the laws regulating
charities and charitable donations in all    states of the united
states  compliance requirements are not uniform and it takes a
considerable effort  much paperwork and many fees to meet and keep up
with these requirements  we do not solicit donations in locations
where we have not received written confirmation of compliance  to send
donations or determine the status of compliance for any particular state
visit www gutenberg org donate 

while we cannot and do not solicit contributions from states where we
have not met the solicitation requirements  we know of no prohibition
against accepting unsolicited donations from donors in such states who
approach us with offers to donate 

international donations are gratefully accepted  but we cannot make
any statements concerning tax treatment of donations received from
outside the united states  u s  laws alone swamp our small staff 

please check the project gutenberg web pages for current donation
methods and addresses  donations are accepted in a number of other
ways including checks  online payments and credit card donations  to
donate  please visit  www gutenberg org donate 

section    general information about project gutenberg  electronic works

professor michael s  hart was the originator of the project
gutenberg  concept of a library of electronic works that could be
freely shared with anyone  for forty years  he produced and
distributed project gutenberg  ebooks with only a loose network of
volunteer support 

project gutenberg  ebooks are often created from several printed
editions  all of which are confirmed as not protected by copyright in
the u s  unless a copyright notice is included  thus  we do not
necessarily keep ebooks in compliance with any particular paper
edition 

most people start at our website which has the main pg search
facility  www gutenberg org 

this website includes information about project gutenberg  
including how to make donations to the project gutenberg literary
archive foundation  how to help produce our new ebooks  and how to
subscribe to our email newsletter to hear about new ebooks 


